Governments	The court may not venture outside the plain meaning of a provision in order to create an ambiguity and then resolve the ambiguity by what it finds outside.

Governments	Under the Utah rules of statutory construction, where a statute is in doubt or susceptible of more than one construction, one of which will give effect to all of its provisions and the other will not, a court should adopt the construction which will permit of all of its provisions being enforced. Further, the provisions of Utah statutes, and all proceedings under them, are to be liberally construed with a view to effect their objects and to promote justice. Comp. Laws Utah 1917, ? 5839.

Education Law	S.C. Const. art. VIII, ? 14, provides that provisions enacted by local governments shall not set aside general law provisions applicable to bonded indebtedness of governmental units; and the structure and the administration of any governmental service or function, responsibility for which rests with the state government or which requires statewide uniformity. Public education is a state function.

Constitutional Law	Since the adoption of the amendment of November, 1944, adding Md. Const. art. 4, ? 18A, the Constitution itself contains a specific direction to the Court of Appeals of Maryland to regulate practice and procedure in the trial courts throughout Maryland.

Constitutional Law	Where a statute is susceptible of two constructions, one of which supports the act and gives it effect and the other renders it unconstitutional and void, it is the duty of the court to adopt that construction which will uphold the constitutionality of the statute.

Governments	An appellate court interprets statutes as a question of law, first resorting to the statutory language itself. Absent ambiguity, the words of the statute must be given their ordinary meaning.

Governments	It is logical to regard an amendment enacted soon after controversy arises about the interpretation of an act as a legislative clarification of the meaning of the act.

Governments	An office holder may not complain, if, in the public interest, and by way of putting into effect a new system, the legislature repeals statutes, the effect of which is to abolish offices not protected by the constitution. Provided, however, that the changes in the form or structure of the governmental agency affected must be real and substantial, not colorable only.

Tax Law	The taxpayers of every county have the right to know for what purpose they are being taxed, and also to know that taxes collected from them for any specific purpose are applied to such purpose, and not to some other, at the discretion of the county officials, and according to their ideas of public policy or expediency. The law does not provide for the mixing of special and ordinary funds, nor for the supplementing of one by the other by county officials. When the people consent to be taxed for any purpose, they cannot complain; but when they are taxed for one purpose, and the fund applied to another, and when they are misled as to the purposes for which they are being taxed, they have a right not only to complain, but a remedy to redress the grievance, if they apply to the courts in the proper way, and at the proper time.

Governments	Kan. Gen. Stat. ch. 109, art. 3, ?? 23, 24 (1868) made provision for the vacation of lands laid out and platted into towns, cities or villages. The procedure for such vacation and exclusion required written petition of any one or more persons, who, by their affidavit, represent that they are the owners of a majority of the lots, notice by publication of the time of the hearing before a county board, with opportunity for protest, etcetera.

Governments	Repeals by implication are not favored, and local laws are not repealed by general laws, unless such purpose is clearly indicated.

Governments	The St. Louis Board of Police Commissioners is an "agent" of the state in fulfilling the legislature's mandate. This is a much different context than the "state agency" the legislature intended to cover under the State Legal Expense Fund, Mo. Rev. Stat.  ?? 105.711 to 105.726 (2000).

Governments	W. Va. Code art. 6, ch. 5, ? 9 provides that the commission shall properly maintain, repair, operate, manage and control the project and fix the rates of rental. W. Va. Code art. 6, ch. 5, ? 10 is as follows: Nothing in this article contained shall be so construed or interpreted as to authorize or permit the incurring of state debt of any kind or nature as contemplated by the provisions of the Constitution of the State of West Virginia in relation to state debt. W. Va. Code art. 6, ch. 5, ? 11 is as follows: It shall not be necessary to secure from any officer or board not named in this article any approval or consent, or any certificate or finding, or to hold an election, or to take any proceedings whatever, either for the construction of such project, or the improvement, maintenance, operation or repair thereof, or for the issuance of bonds hereunder, except such as are prescribed by this article or are required by the Constitution of the State.

Constitutional Law	Based on the long-standing and firmly established policy of deference and absent express Congressional action to the contrary, state water law controls. While Congress can certainly grant water rights under the Property Clause, U.S. Const. art. IV, ? 3, cl. 2, it would require explicit language in order to overcome the right of the state to manage and allocate its own water resources.

International Law	By the 2nd article of the treaty of 1819, it is provided, that the United States agree to allow a reservation of 640 acres to each head of an Indian family residing within the ceded territory, who chooses to become a citizen of the United States in the manner stipulated in said treaty.

Transportation Law	Utah Department of Transportation UDOT is authorized to provide for the installing, maintaining, reconstructing, and improving of automatic and other safety appliances, signals or devices at grade crossings, Utah Code Ann. ? 54-4-15.1 (1994), and may prescribe a municipality's share of the cost of improving safety devices at crossings.  Utah Code Ann. ? 54-4-15.3.

Governments	It is a general rule that penal statutes must designate the proscribed acts or omissions so definitely and clearly that no difficulty is encountered in determining whether a given act or omission offends the statute.

Governments	Considering the subject dealt with and the phraseology of 1921 Minn. Laws ch. 209, p. 259, it seems clear that all the legislature intends to do is to re-enact Minn. Gen. Stat. ?? 1854, 1855 (1913) with two slight changes in their phraseology and with the addition of a proviso. The Supreme Court of Minnesota thinks that the correct view is that the Act does not work a repeal of Minn. Gen. Stat. ?? 1932, 1933 (1913).

Civil Procedure	When a time limit has been properly tolled, the party seeking to terminate such tolling is properly charged with the burden to accomplish that end.

Governments	The starting point for interpreting a statute is the language of the statute itself and absent a clearly expressed legislative intention to the contrary, that language must ordinarily be regarded as conclusive.

Governments	A court's goal when interpreting a statute is to determine, give effect to, and implement the legislative intent underlying the statute and to construe the statute in such a way as to prevent absurdity and hardship and to favor public convenience. If a statute contains clear and unambiguous language, it is not subject to judicial interpretation. Rather, the court must give such a statute its plain and clear meaning.

Governments	By an Indiana law of 1847, a prosecuting attorney was to be elected in each county in the State, by the voters thereof, and to hold his office for three years, receiving his compensation by way of docket-fees, without any salary from the State.

Governments	Anyone contemplating a challenge to the nominating petitions of a future candidate for office would be well advised to carefully follow the requirements of N.M. R. Ann. 1-096. In the absence of strict adherence to the rule's requirements, courts should not look favorably upon attempts to remove a candidate from the ballot. Courts should continue to act in furtherance of the right of our citizens to nominate and vote for the candidates of their choice.

Administrative Law	There is a presumption that government data are public and accessible by the public for both inspection and copying, unless explicitly classified otherwise.  Minn. Stat. ? 13.01, subd. 3 (2002). Personnel data, however, are private, unless they fit within a category of information specifically identified as public.  Minn. Stat. ? 13.43, subds. 2, 4 (2002).

Pensions & Benefits Law	When a person accepts public employment, he or she becomes a servant of and accountable to the public. As a result, that person's reasonable expectation of privacy is diminished, especially in regard to the dates and times required to perform public duties. The public has a right to know not only who their public employees are, but also when their public employees are and are not performing their duties. The public has a right to know not only who their public employees are, but also when their public employees are and are not performing their duties. A records request under the Freedom of Information Act for disclosure of the numerical data concerning an employee's attendance records, including or limited to sick leave, does not constitute an invasion of personal privacy.

Administrative Law	The relevant inquiry, upon judicial review of the factual issues decided by the department, is whether there is substantial evidence of probative value to support the agency's determination. The main inquiry is whether on the record the agency could reasonably make the findings it has made. The administrative findings must have a reasonably sound basis of evidentiary support.

Administrative Law	To maintain the proper balance between the departments of government, the courts have power to confine administrative agencies to their lawful jurisdictions.

Administrative Law	An appellate court must determine whether an agency's finding is supported by substantial evidence. In making this determination, the court is mindful that where inconsistent inferences from the same evidence can be drawn, it is for the agency to draw the inferences, and no matter how conflicting, or how questionable the credibility of the source of the evidence, the court has no power to substitute its assessment of credibility for that made by the agency.

Administrative Law	Under the plain language of Wyo. Stat. Ann. ? 16-3-114(c)(ii) (2009), reversal of an agency finding  is required if it is unsupported by substantial evidence. This standard is applied any time an appellate court reviews an evidentiary ruling. When the burdened party prevails before the agency, the appellate court will determine if substantial evidence supports the finding for that party by considering whether there is relevant evidence in the record that a reasonable mind might accept in support of the agency's conclusions. If the hearing examiner determines that the burdened party failed to meet his burden of proof, the appellate court will decide whether there is substantial evidence to support the agency's decision to reject the evidence offered by the burdened party by considering whether that conclusion was contrary to the overwhelming weight of the evidence in the record as a whole. If, in the course of its decision making process, the agency disregards certain evidence and explains its reasons for doing so based upon determinations of credibility or other factors, its decision will be sustainable under the substantial evidence test. Importantly, appellate review of any particular decision turns not on whether the appellate court agrees with the outcome, but on whether the agency could reasonably conclude as it did, based on all the evidence before it.

Administrative Law	The Minnesota Transportation Regulation Board's factual findings are evaluated under the substantial evidence standard. Minn. Stat. ? 14.69(e). Substantial evidence means: 1) such relevant evidence as a reasonable mind might accept as adequate to support a conclusion; 2) more than a scintilla of evidence; 3) more than "some evidence;" 4) more than "any evidence;" and 5) evidence considered in its entirety. There are correlative rules or principles that must be recognized by a reviewing court, such as: 1) unless manifestly unjust, inferences must be accepted even though it may appear that contrary inferences would be better supported; 2) a substantial judicial deference to the fact-finding processes of the administrative agency; and 3) the burden is upon the appellant to establish that the findings of the agency are not supported by the evidence in the record, considered in its entirety.

Administrative Law	Under the Utah Administrative Procedures Act, Utah Code Ann. ? 63-46b-16(4)(b), which provides for appellate relief in the event an agency erroneously interprets or applies the law, a reviewing court will not disturb the agency's application of its factual findings to the law unless its determination exceeds the bounds of reasonableness and rationality.

Constitutional Law	A party must have more than an abstract concern and the injury must not be merely speculative. To have standing, a plaintiff must allege specific, concrete facts showing he has been personally harmed.

Administrative Law	While courts will not be permitted to substitute their judgment for that of administrative bodies, they are nevertheless definitely charged with the solemn duty of determining whether the procedure employed in reaching that judgment, or whether the judgment itself as rendered, is unreasonable, arbitrary or oppressive, under the circumstances of each particular case. An administrative body cannot be the final judge of the reasonableness of its own orders.

Administrative Law	Courts must give substantial weight to an administrative agency's interpretation of a statute it is empowered to enforce, provided that the construction is not clearly erroneous.

Administrative Law	When reviewing an agency's decision, a Rhode Island superior court shall not substitute its judgment for that of the agency as to the weight of the evidence on questions of fact. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 42-35-15(g) (1956).

Administrative Law	Under Chevron U.S.A. Inc. v. Natural Res. Def. Council, Inc., a court must determine whether a regulation is based upon a permissible construction of the statute. The court need not conclude that the agency construction was the only one it permissibly could have adopted to uphold the construction, or even the reading it would have reached if the question had arisen in a judicial proceeding. Rather, considerable weight should be accorded to an executive department's construction of a statutory scheme it is entrusted to administer. The court should not disturb the agency's action unless it appears from the statute or its legislative history that it is one that Congress would not have sanctioned.

Governments	Where there is no evidence in the proceedings before the Board of County Commissioners to support its decision, the same is not binding on the trial court or on Colorado Court of Appeals.

Administrative Law	Mo. Const. art. V, ? 18 articulates the standard of judicial review of administrative actions. On appeal, the Supreme Court of Missouri is charged with determining whether the agency actions are authorized by law, and in cases in which a hearing is required by law, whether the same are supported by competent and substantial evidence upon the whole record.

Administrative Law	An administrative agency has a well-established right to reopen, rehear, and redetermine the matter even after a determination has been made. This is a rule of general application. One of the powers proper to an efficient and just administration of the right to adjudicate is the power to reverse adjudications which appear to be erroneous. This power lasts until jurisdiction is lost by appeal or certiorari or until a reasonable time has run, which would be at least coextensive with the time required by statute for review. Barring statutory regulation, the power may be invoked by administrative agencies to serve the ends of essential justice and the policy of the law.

Administrative Law	Where an agency interprets its own regulation a deferential standard of review properly recognizes that the agency is best able to discern its intent in promulgating the regulation.

Administrative Law	Any person aggrieved by a final decision in a contested case is entitled to judicial review by filing a petition for a writ of certiorari with the court of appeals and serving the agency not more than 30 days after the party receives the final decision and order of the agency. Minn. Stat. ? 14.63 (2006).

Civil Procedure	Under a common law writ of certiorari, the question to be determined by a chancellor and by an appellate court is whether or not there is material and substantial evidence to support the order of a Tennessee Real Estate Commission and, if there is, said order will not be disturbed by the courts.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Consent obtained as a product of an illegal search is invalid as a "fruit of the poisonous tree," unless the commonwealth can show that the consent was sufficiently an act of free will to purge the primary taint of the illegal (search.)

Criminal Law & Procedure	The ambiguous language of Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 18-1.3-1004(1)(a) must be construed to require an indeterminate sentence for the class two, three, and four felony sex offenses to which it applies, consisting of an upper term of the sex offender's natural life and a lower term of a definite number of years, not less than the minimum nor more than twice the maximum of the presumptive range authorized for the class of felony of which the defendant stands convicted.

Criminal Law & Procedure	A sentencing court should consider whether the defendant's conduct was significantly more or less serious than that typically involved in the commission of the crime in question.

Civil Procedure	Where an abstract proposition of law is incorrectly announced by an instruction, and the same or similar propositions of law are thereafter correctly set forth in other instructions in the cause, then, if taking the instructions on both sides as a whole a court can safely affirm that no harm has been done to either side and that the right result has been reached, the verdict of the jury will not in such cases be disturbed.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Presentence investigation reports are not necessarily required because the trial judge must decide and impose an appropriate sentence from all of the information and not just a presentence report.

Criminal Law & Procedure	When a warrantless arrest is made in New York the law of that state controls in evaluating the legality of the arrest.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Although a trial court may have acted within its lawful discretion in imposing a sentence, Ind. Const. art. 7, ?? 4 and 6 authorize independent appellate review and revision of sentences through Ind. R. App. P. 7(B), which provides that a court may revise a sentence authorized by statute if, after due consideration of the trial court's decision, the court finds that the sentence is inappropriate in light of the nature of the offense and the character of the offender.

Criminal Law & Procedure	The fact that rape is not consummated does not negate original intent to rape at the time a defendant breaks into a victim's house, but can properly be interpreted as showing that the defendant abandons his felonious intent after entering the house.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Once in custody, and prior to interrogation, a person must be provided with Miranda warnings before any statement he makes will be deemed admissible. Miranda warnings, however, are not required in certain situations where the police ask questions to ensure public safety and not to elicit incriminating responses.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Courts begin with the presumption that the sentence of death is proportionate with the crime of first degree murder. While there is no mathematical or scientific formula involved, courts, in comparing similar cases, shall consider the means of death; the manner of death; the motivation for the killing; the place of death; the similarity of a victim's circumstances, including age, physical and mental conditions, and the victim's treatment during the killing; the absence or presence of premeditation; the absence or presence of justification; and the injury to and effects on nondecedent victims. When reviewing the characteristics of a defendant, courts consider a defendant's prior record or prior criminal activity; a defendant's age, race, and gender; a defendant's mental, emotional or physical condition; a defendant's involvement or role in the murder; a defendant's cooperation with authorities; a defendant's remorse; a defendant's knowledge of the helplessness of the victim; and a defendant's capacity for rehabilitation.

Evidence	Until some rule, other than "M'Naghten," based on a firm foundation in scientific fact for effective operation in the protection and security of society, is forthcoming, the court shall adhere to it.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 494.031 (1978) allows a trial court to excuse, upon timely application, any juror for any reason set forth in the nine sub-paragraphs in that section.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Once a direct appeal has been taken, all claims raised in that appeal, all claims known at the time of that appeal, and all claims that should have been known at the time of that appeal will not be considered upon a subsequent petition for postconviction relief.

Civil Rights Law	The U.S. Constitution, the Ohio Constitution, and the Ohio Revised Code all prohibit debtors prisons. Ohio law requires that, prior to committing an offender to jail for nonpayment of fines, an economic ability-to- pay hearing is required. R.C. 2947.14(A). Additionally, at an ability-to-pay hearing, a person has a right to counsel (including a public defender or court-appointed attorney).

Criminal Law & Procedure	Since an allegation of habitual criminality does not charge a crime, a sentence may be imposed thereon in the absence of a formal guilty plea.

Civil Procedure	A judgment of acquittal should be granted if the evidence is insufficient to sustain a conviction, and such motion may be filed within thirty days of the jury verdict. Tenn. R. Crim. P. 29(a) and (c). This motion only presents a question of law, i.e. the legal sufficiency of the evidence, not the weight of the evidence. Therefore, the motion for a judgment of acquittal made after the conclusion of the trial should be treated no differently than an issue contesting the sufficiency of the evidence.

Criminal Law & Procedure	A prosecution for larceny of an automobile is not a bar to a subsequent prosecution, based on the same act or transaction, for taking, using, and operating the same automobile on a public highway without the owner's consent, in violation of Wis. Stat. ? 343.18, such offense not being a lesser degree of larceny but a distinct statutory offense.

Criminal Law & Procedure	In order to warrant an evidentiary hearing on a postconviction motion, counsel must allege facts which, if true, warrant the relief sought; general and conclusory allegations are insufficient to warrant a hearing.

Criminal Law & Procedure	Appellate review of the denial of a Mo. R. Crim. P. 29.15 motion is limited to a determination of whether the motion court's findings are clearly erroneous. Rule 29.15(j). A motion court's findings and conclusions are deemed clearly erroneous only if, after reviewing the entire record, the appellate court is left with a definite and firm impression that a mistake has been made.

Criminal Law & Procedure	It is provided in 1921 Wis. Laws ch. 441, ? 1(32), that punishment for a first offense under said chapter shall be a fine or imprisonment, and that for a second offense it shall be both fine and imprisonment.

Governments	It is true that the first part of ? 39 of the prohibition act, 1916 Va. Acts ch. 215, couples with the language creating the offense of bringing liquor into Virginia the qualification that such bringing must be for use in Virginia, but the provision on this subject in the latter part of the same section makes it plain that such qualification is not made by the statute an essential ingredient of the offense.

Criminal Law & Procedure	A defendant need only show that the prosecution improperly exercised its peremptory challenges in each specific case. However, the burden is on the defendant to make a prima facie showing that: 1) he is a member of a cognizable racial group; and that the prosecutor has exercised peremptory challenges to remove from the venire members of the defendant's race; 2) the peremptory challenges constitute a jury selection practice that permits those to discriminate who are of a mind to discriminate; and 3) the facts and any other relevant circumstances raise an inference that the prosecutor used that practice to exclude the veniremen from the petit jury on account their race. Once the defendant meets this burden the state must come forward with a neutral explanation for challenging minority jurors.

Constitutional Law	The deterrence of the exclusionary rule, of course, lies in the necessity to give the Miranda warnings. That these warnings, in a given case, may prove to be incomplete, and therefore defective does not mean that they have not served as a deterrent to the officer who is not then aware of their defect; and to the officer who is aware of the defect the full deterrence remains. The effect of inadmissibility in the Harris case and in Hass is the same: inadmissibility would pervert the constitutional right into a right to falsify free from the embarrassment of impeachment evidence from the defendant's own mouth.

Energy & Utilities Law	In Alaska, a certificate of public convenience and necessity does not confer a grant of monopoly power on a public utility.

Patent Law	A licensee is no longer barred from challenging the validity of patent merely by virtue of a licensing agreement with the licensor. The public's interest in the free exchange of ideas necessitated the elimination of this doctrine of preclusion because licensees are often the only ones with enough economic incentive to challenge the patentability of an inventor's discovery. Without this challenge, unpatentable ideas might remain outside of the public domain.

Patent Law	Kan. Gen. Stat. ? 4357 (1901) provides that any person who may take any obligation in writing for which any patent-right, or right claimed by him or her to be a patent-right, shall form a whole or any part of the consideration, shall, before it is signed by the maker or makers, insert in the body of said written obligation, above the signature of said maker or makers, in legible writing or print, the words, "given for a patent-right."

Patent Law	The novelty of a claimed compound over the prior art, 35 U.S.C.S. ? 102, is one of the explicit requirements for patentability, each of which must be satisfied.

Patent Law	The doctrine of file wrapper estoppel does not necessarily operate to eliminate all equivalents. And it is assumed that the patent applicant, in drafting the claims, did not intend to narrow their scope any more than necessary to distinguish over the prior art.

Patent Law	It is well settled that conception cannot be established by the inventor's own testimony or by mere self-serving declarations of the inventor to others.

Patent Law	When the case arises that an article of manufacture is a new thing, a useful thing, and embodies invention, and that article can not be properly defined and discriminated from the prior art otherwise than by reference to the process of producing it, a case is presented which constitutes a proper exception to the rule. It may be the law that this rule has proper application in cases where it is obvious that the inventor has created an article of manufacture which is a new thing, a useful thing and embodies invention and where such an article can not be properly discriminated, in a claim, from the prior art otherwise than by reference to the process of producing it.

Patent Law	A court should avoid reading a specification so narrowly as to confine the related claim to the embodiment described by the specification. The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has expressly rejected the contention that if a patent describes only a single embodiment, the claims of the patent must be construed as being limited to that embodiment. Rather, the embodiments may provide examples or representations to help define and clarify the terms of the claim. Upon reading the specification in that context, it will become clear whether the patentee is setting out specific examples of the invention to accomplish those goals, or whether the patentee instead intends for the claims and the embodiments in the specification to be strictly coextensive.

Patent Law	The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit has made it clear that, with respect to a means-plus-function patent claim, when the structure includes a general purpose computer performing functions that can only be achieved with special programming, to satisfy 35 U.S.C.S. ? 112, para. 6, the specification must disclose either an algorithm to perform the claimed function or a detailed explanation of how the claimed device would perform the claimed function.

Patent Law	One method for determining equivalent structures is to examine whether the accused device performs the function in substantially the same way to achieve substantially the same result.

Patent Law	In Markman I, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit specified three sources relevant to construe a patent's claim: claim language; the specification; and prosecution history. It is important to recognize, however, that in Markman II the United States Supreme Court did not constrain a federal trial court from adjudicating the terms of a claim by excluding any relevant and reliable evidence, including that of experts. Instead, that decision was entrusted to the considered judgment of the federal trial judge to determine, but following the precedent of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit that was established to bring uniformity and doctrinal stability to the decisions of the federal judiciary on all matters concerning patent law.

Patent Law	If claims in the first group and those in the second group are for separate and independent inventions, a requirement for division is proper; on the other hand, if there is such correlation between the claims of the two groups as to limit them to a single inventive act, then a requirement for division is improper.

Patent Law	It is not necessary, in order to sustain a generic patent, to show that the device is a commercial success. The machine patented may be imperfect in its operation, but if it embodies the generic principle, and works, that is, if it actually and mechanically performs, though only in a crude way, the important function by which it makes the substantial change claimed for it in the art, it is enough.

Patent Law	35 U.S.C.S. ? 287 advises patent owners to mark their patented devices with notice of their patent rights. If the patent owner fails to do so, the period of accounting for which he can recover for patent infringement is limited to that period occurring after actual notice of the infringement has been received by the infringer.

Patent Law	When construing a patent claim, a court should look first to the intrinsic evidence, i.e., the claims themselves, the written description portion of the specification, and the prosecution history.

Patent Law	The foreseeability of the first rebuttal criterion should be determined by an objective standard and if the alleged equivalent were known in the prior art in the field of the invention, it certainly should have been foreseeable at the time of the amendment. Noting that it could not anticipate all instances in which a narrowing amendment could be merely tangential to the equivalent in question, under the second rebuttal criterion, the court stated with certainty that an amendment made to avoid prior art that contains the equivalent in question is not tangential; it is central to allowance of the claim. The court held that the third criterion may be satisfied when there was some reason, such as the shortcomings of language, why the patentee was prevented from describing the alleged equivalent when it narrowed the claim.

Patent Law	A contract which conveys the right to make, use and sell an invention for the entire term of the patent is an assignment vesting title to the entire patent in the assignee without regard to its heading as a "license contract."

Constitutional Law	Generally, abstract ideas are not protectable property interests. In order for an abstract idea to be the subject of an express or implied contract or to be otherwise protected by the law, it must be novel and concrete.

Governments	Ind. Stat. Ann. ? 9721 (1914) requires that there be inserted into the sort of obligation described by the section the quoted words in the section, or words that otherwise clearly state the consideration for which the note was given.

Patent Law	Prosecution history estoppel serves to limit the doctrine of equivalents by denying equivalents to a claim limitation whose scope was narrowed during prosecution for reasons related to patentability.

Patent Law	The Patent Office allows an invention to be defined through varying the scope of claim coverage. Through this practice, structures defined by a claim which has been disclaimed may be covered by other claims not disclaimed. The construction of a patent, after a disclaimer has been properly entered, must be the same that it would have been if the matter so disclaimed had never been claimed.

Patent Law	A patent applicant must conclude the specification of his or her invention with one or more claims particularly describing the invention. Such a claim may be for an invention consisting of a combination of different elements. An element may be expressed in terms of a means for performing a function, so long as the specification contains some description of a structure that performs that function. Such an element is a means-plus-function element.

Patent Law	It is not necessary that a reference disclosing an article should disclose how to make the article in order that it be a good reference against an article claim.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The Court, in rendering its decision, in an action to revoke pension benefits pursuant to the Pension Revocation and Reduction Act (Rhode Island) must consider these factors: (a) the fact that the retirement benefits of this public official were permitted under a provision of Rhode Island General Laws and that such retirement or other benefits presume that such service shall have been honorably rendered; (b) the severity of the crime related to the respondent's public office; (c) the amount of loss sustained by the public employee's employer; (d) the degree of public trust in the respondent public official as a result of his public office; and (e) any such other factors as, in the judgment of the Superior Court, justice may require.

Pensions & Benefits Law	A former wife's notarized separation agreement waiver which does not refer specifically to her former husband's benefit plans, is insufficient Employee Retirement Income Security Act consent.

Administrative Law	The board may deny a request for a contested case hearing when it has decided, after consulting with legal counsel, that it lacks the authority to grant the relief requested. Or. Admin. R. 459-001-0035(5) (2006).

Pensions & Benefits Law	Mont. Code Ann. ? 19-18-602(5) (1995) states, in part, that a member of a pure volunteer fire department who has completed 10 years' service as an active member of the department but who is prevented from completing 20 years' service by any factor beyond his reasonable control may nevertheless qualify for a partial or reduced pension in an amount and to the extent determined by the board of trustees of the association.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The calculation of a West Virginia Public Employee Retirement System member's final average salary is determined by averaging the highest annual compensation received by a member during any period of three consecutive years of credited service contained within the member's ten years of credited service immediately preceding the date his or her employment with a participating public employer last terminated. W. Va. Code ? 5-10-2(13)(A).

Pensions & Benefits Law	The United States Supreme Court gave the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), 29 U.S.C.S. ? 1144(a), preemption an almost breathtaking sweep at one time, declaring that the words of ? 1144(a) were to be construed according to their broad common-sense meaning, such that a state law relates to a benefit plan in the normal sense of the phrase, if it has a connection with or reference to such a plan. Thus, in the vast majority of cases concerning ERISA preemption addressed by the Court in the 1980's and early 1990's, the Court concluded without hesitation that, under ? 1144(a), the state laws under review were preempted because they related to an ERISA plan.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The automatic promotion provision of Memphis, Tenn., City Charter ? 67 is purely a retirement tool, and such promotion to captain rewards the employee for faithful service but provides no automatic benefit if the employment is continued after thirty years. Section 67 is a device for enhancing the pension benefits of eligible employees, and the provision of ? 67 is for the purposes of retirement pension only.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The terms "salary" and "compensation" are synonymous and mean remuneration actually received, but it is remuneration received on a monthly basis that is the statutory predicate under W. Va. Code ? 8-22-24(a) (1981).

Pensions & Benefits Law	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 238.610(2) leaves it to the board to select the fiscal period to use for purposes of calculating and paying Public Employees Retirement System administrative expenses.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The analysis of whether a state law has a "connection with" an Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA) plan arises when a court must evaluate whether a state law "relates to" an ERISA plan.  29 U.S.C.S. ? 1144(a)(1994)1994-01-01. A state law "relates to" an ERISA plan if it "refers to" or has a "connection with" such plan. Therefore, the Colorado Court of Appeals concludes that the "connection with" analysis only applies to statutory preemption.

Pensions & Benefits Law	An offer of a pension, the acceptance of same, and the completion of the service of the employee, creates a vested interest in said pension which will not be denied either to the participant or his family.

Pensions & Benefits Law	G.L. 1956 (1990 Reenactment) ? 36-8-1(2) (Rhode Island) defines an employee as an individual whose business time is devoted exclusively to the services of the state, but shall not include one whose duties are of a casual nature.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	The following is a test to determine whether a disability constitutes an "injury" or a "continued illness:" There must be a cut-off point, however, at which an injury is so insubstantially, slowly or imperceptibly received or sustained as a result of the employment that it is not an "injury" in and of itself, but a "continued illness." An aggravation of a preexisting condition in cases of more precipitous development of the illness falls under La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 40:1428(B)(2) as an "injury," and in cases in which the development is more gradual and less directly related to employment (or not related at all) falls under La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 40:1428 (B)(3) as a "continued illness."

Pensions & Benefits Law	A qualified domestic relations order is limited by the terms of the judgment and decree, which in this case represents the parties' agreement.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The Oklahoma Legislature may modify public employees' pension rights, even though the rights are contractually based, so long as the modifications are reasonable and necessary and provide offsetting advantages to the disadvantages. The modifications will be approved so long as they do not impair the actuarial soundness of the fund, or detrimentally affect vested rights, which are matters of proof.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Section 514(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA), 29 U.S.C.S. ? 1144(a), preempts all state laws relating to any employee benefit plan covered by ERISA.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The Louisiana Deferred Retirement Option Plan (DROP) program is an optional method of retiring whereby an employee changes his status in the state retirement system from active member to retiree but continues to work at his regular job while he accumulates money in an individual DROP account based on the amount he would have received as a monthly retirement benefit had he in fact retired.  La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 11:786, et seq.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The promise of specific retirement benefits, conditioned on performing specific work, is a form of deferred compensation. Once that work has been performed, those promised future benefits can no more be unilaterally withdrawn than can wages be reduced after the work is done. To hold otherwise would be both unfair and unjust. It would also be contrary to long-established Wisconsin law. Future benefits can be changed, but only for work that has not yet been performed.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Under W. Va. Code ? 51-9-5 (1981 Replacement Vol.), the sole requirement for transfer between the public employees retirement system and the judicial retirement system is that, any judge who has previously elected not to contribute shall be permitted to become eligible for retirement benefits by paying into the judges' retirement fund all contributions he would have been required to pay into the fund, together with interest thereon at four percent, if he had not previously elected not to contribute. All credited service in the judicial retirement system must correspond to contributions made to the fund by judges claiming such credit.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Effective July 1, 2005, the Legislature amended the statute to prohibit any more loans from the Teachers Retirement System. W.Va. Code, 18-7A-34(b).

Pensions & Benefits Law	Under Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 487.020.3, a commissioner is entitled to the same retirement benefits as an associate circuit judge. Moreover, Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 104.518.1 authorizes the Missouri State Employees' Retirement System to provide disability benefits to employees covered by Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 476.515.1(4). That section covers any person who has served as commissioner or deputy commissioner of the circuit court.

Pensions & Benefits Law	The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (ERISA), 29 U.S.C.S. ? 1144 is a federal statutory scheme that regulates the administration of employee benefit plans. ERISA provisions supersede state law insofar as they relate to an employee benefit plan.

Administrative Law	The position of Deputy Chief of Diversion in the Drug Enforcement Administration is a secondary administrative position within the meaning of 5 C.F.R. ? 831.902 (2001)2001-01-01.

Torts	It is anomalous to find that a defendant has a duty to provide reasonably safe premises and at the same time deny a plaintiff recovery from a breach of that same duty. The party in the best position to eliminate a dangerous condition should be burdened with that responsibility. If a dangerous condition is obvious to the plaintiff, then surely it is obvious to the defendant as well. The defendant, accordingly, should alleviate the danger. The same is true whether the danger is hidden or open and obvious.

Torts	The court expressly rejects the contention that a plaintiff's injury is fixed upon the sale of the materials to the plaintiff, so that the failure to issue a post-sale warning can cause no additional injury.

Public Contracts Law	It is certainly not blackmail or extortion for a person to claim what he believes to be due him, nor to claim a contract right to the repossession of property.

Torts	When work required can be done by a reasonably careful person using such precaution as the law enjoins in the doing of the work, in other words, if the work contemplated would not when properly done necessarily cause injury to third persons, no right of action accrues on account of the plans alone.

Torts	Where a person has knowledge of and fully appreciates a danger, and under such circumstances, without any special exigency compelling him, he exposes himself to such danger or peril, his act in the premises may be deemed to have been voluntary. Contributory negligence in such a case can not properly be said to be an element therein, for certainly the voluntary act of a party in exposing himself to a known and appreciated danger is wholly incompatible with an act of negligence or carelessness, for it must be manifest that carelessness in regard to a matter is not the same as the exercise of a deliberate choice in respect thereto. Freedom of the will, in fact, is the thing emphasized by the principle asserted in the maxim volenti non fit injuria. It certainly must be true that in an act where design is shown the imprudence or negligence of the actor is wholly immaterial as a feature therein.

Torts	To prove fraudulent misrepresentation, a plaintiff must show that there is an intentional misrepresentation of a material fact, made with knowledge of its falsity or reckless disregard for its truth.

Torts	Evidence tending to show that a plaintiff was restrained of his liberty at defendant's instance, by reason of process that a magistrate had no authority to issue in the premises, is sufficient to sustain a count for false imprisonment. Neither malice nor want of probable cause need to be proved to support such an action.

Torts	The defense of contributory negligence is an affirmative one and the burden is always upon a defendant to establish it, and when there is evidence tending to show that the injury was caused by the negligence of the defendant that is all the plaintiff is required to prove. The burden is then cast upon the defendant to show that it occurred without any negligence upon its part, or if it asserts the injury was caused by the negligence of the injured party it must offer proof of that fact.

Healthcare Law	A hospital is required to use that degree of care and skill which is expected of a reasonably competent hospital in the same or similar circumstances. As in cases brought against physicians, advances in the profession, availability of special facilities and specialists, together with all other relevant considerations, are to be taken into account.

Torts	Those situations in which common knowledge of laymen has afforded a proper basis for invoking res ipsa loquitur in medical malpractice actions are summarized as follows: 'There are, however, some medical and surgical errors on which any layman is competent to pass judgment and conclude from common experience that such things do not happen if there has been proper skill and care. When an operation leaves a sponge in the patient's interior, or removes or injures an inappropriate part of his anatomy, or when a tooth is dropped down his windpipe, or he suffers a serious burn from a hot-water bottle, or when instruments are not sterilized, the thing speaks for itself without the aid of any expert's advice.

Torts	Under the incremental harm doctrine, when unchallenged or nonactionable parts of a particular publication are damaging, another statement, though maliciously false, may not be actionable because it causes no harm beyond the harm caused by the remainder of the publication.

Torts	As a general rule, Wisconsin, like most jurisdictions, does not impose a duty on a person to stop a third person from committing harm to another or to himself or herself. Nonetheless, certain caregivers, such as hospitals and prisons, assume enhanced responsibilities in protective or custodial situations. This increased duty obligates the caregiver to shield the protected person from the foreseeable consequences of injurious conduct. When such a special relationship exists, the caregiver assumes the duty to provide reasonable care of the protected person to prevent harm. This assumption of duty may absolve the protected person from the ordinary obligation of self-care, shift responsibility to the caregiver, and thereby expunge the affirmative defense of contributory negligence.

Torts	A candidate for public office does not surrender his private character to the public, and he has the same remedy for defamation as before. The publication of false and defamatory statements concerning him, whether relating to his private character or public acts, is not privileged.

Torts	When a plaintiff by his own evidence shows that he was detained or imprisoned as the result of judicial proceedings, and by the issuance and execution of a warrant or other legal process issued thereon, he is required, in order to make a prima facie case of false imprisonment, to show something more than a mere detention or imprisonment.

Torts	Prescription does not commence to run until the plaintiff has actual or constructive knowledge of the tortious act, the damage caused, and the causal relationship between the tortious act and the damage. A person cannot bring suit until his cause of action has accrued and therefore prescription cannot run until that time. Mere apprehension that something might be wrong is not sufficient.

Torts	The right to indemnity may be implied at common law only in favor of one whose liability to a third person is solely derivative or constructive, and only as against one who has by his wrongful act caused such derivative or constructive liability to be imposed upon the indemnitee. If the rule is thus stated, any distinctions or confusion based upon active/passive, omission/commission, or primary/secondary concepts should disappear.

Torts	Charges of negligence and willfulness are not necessarily repugnant because wilful conduct may, and often does, include the element of negligence.

Torts	A plaintiff can recover on a defamation claim only by showing that a defendant published the material with malice, that is, knowing the matter to be false, or acted in reckless disregard as to its veracity. Qualified privilege protects the right of corporate officers to communicate with one another about their employees' conduct.

Torts	Actual malice is defined as knowledge of the falsity of a statement or a reckless disregard for its truth. Reckless disregard for the truth may be defined as a high degree of awareness of the probable falsity of a statement. It may be found where the defendant entertained serious doubts as to the truth of the statement, but published it anyway. As such, it is a subjective test, focusing on what the defendant believed and intended to convey, and not what a reasonable person would have understood the message to be. Evidence of negligence, motive, and intent may cumulatively establish necessary recklessness to prove actual malice in a defamation action.

Torts	The essential ingredients of a cause of action for negligent entrustment are: (1) an entrustment of the vehicle, (2) to an incompetent, (3) with knowledge that he is incompetent, (4) negligent or wanton use of the entrusted vehicle which proximately caused the plaintiff's damages, and (5) damages.

Insurance Law	It has become the generally, if not the universally, accepted doctrine that causes of action arising from torts to real and personal property survive and pass to the personal representative as assets in his hands, while torts purely personal do not survive in the absence of statutory provision.

Torts	In the usual case, plaintiff's knowledge and appreciation of the danger will be a question for the jury; but where it is clear that any person of normal intelligence in his position must have understood the danger, the issue must be decided by the court.

Administrative Law	An appellate court generally defers to an agency's interpretation of its own regulations unless that interpretation is plainly erroneous or inconsistent with the regulations. Nevertheless, an agency does not acquire special authority to interpret its own words when, instead of using its expertise and experience to formulate a regulation, it has elected merely to paraphrase the statutory language.

Administrative Law	A contention that a board's decision is contrary to law presents two questions: whether the evidence is sufficient to sustain the findings of fact, and whether the findings of fact are sufficient to sustain the board's decision. In determining whether the board's decision is contrary to law, the court is bound by the board's factual determinations, and will neither weigh the evidence nor judge the witnesses' credibility. The court will disturb the board's decision only if reasonable persons would reach a different result, and will only consider the evidence, together with its reasonable inferences, most favorable to the board's decision.

Administrative Law	A court will uphold administrative decisions under the arbitrary and capricious standard as long as the administrative interpreters have acted within their authority to make such decisions and their decisions are rational, logical, and supported by substantial evidence. Moreover, courts may not substitute their own judgments for that of an agency.

Administrative Law	Tenn. Code Ann. ? 27-901 provides: Anyone who may be aggrieved by any final order or judgment of any board or commission functioning under the laws of this state may have said order or judgment reviewed by the courts, where not otherwise specifically provided, in the manner provided by this chapter.

Family Law	When a party seeks a monetary award, the court must follow a three step procedure: First, for each disputed item of property, the court must determine whether it is marital or non-marital. Second, the court must determine the value of all marital property. Third, the court must determine if the division of marital property according to title will be unfair; if so, the court may make an award to rectify the inequity.

Family Law	Section 5364 of the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act makes it clear that the provisions allocating jurisdiction among the several states apply equally to jurisdiction among the several courts of common pleas of the Commonwealth. 42 Pa. Cons. Stat. Ann. ? 5364. "Home state," therefore, is to be read as "home county."

Family Law	Termination of parental rights is an extreme measure. Severance of parental rights is an exercise of awesome power, a power the Supreme Court of Nevada questions closely. The fundamental liberty interest of natural parents in the care, custody, and management of their child does not evaporate simply because they have not been model parents.

Family Law	In certain circumstances (for example, to maintain cash flow necessary to continue a business), accounts receivable may be considered as anticipated income for the purpose of fixing maintenance and/or child support obligations.

Family Law	The five factors enumerated in Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 452.330 that the court is directed to consider in a division of marital property are: (1) the economic circumstances of each spouse; (2) the contribution of each spouse to the procurement of the marital property; (3) the set-off of nonmarital property; (4) the parties' conduct during the marriage; and (5) the custodial arrangements for minor children.

Tax Law	A professional practitioner is not required to pay a spouse a share of intangible assets at a judicially determined value that could not be realized by a sale or other method of liquidating value.

Family Law	Alimony in gross, or lump-sum alimony, is fundamentally the award of a definite sum of money. If the sum is payable in installments the payments run for a definite length of time. The sum is payable in full, regardless of future events such as the death of the husband or the remarriage of the wife. Gross alimony becomes a vested right from the date of the rendition of the judgment, and the manner of its payment in no wise affects its nature or effect. The fact that the award is payable in installments is not determinative of the question whether it is gross alimony or periodic alimony.

Family Law	Where a spouse is unemployed or underemployed, the court may attribute income to that spouse in making a child support determination, but it depends upon circumstances.

Family Law	A trial court's decision concerning modification of a divorce decree will not be disturbed absent an abuse of discretion. Moreover, it is the burden of the party seeking modification of a divorce decree to demonstrate that there has been a substantial change in circumstances that justifies modification.

Family Law	While human behavior rarely lends itself to neatly drawn lines of direct cause and effect, the notion is that to grow and flourish a child is entitled to and needs the security of a permanent place with permanent ties to a parent figure. Moreover, even occasional environmental or familial changes, as well as the threat or fear of such changes, will undermine the child's sense of stability and therefore the child's comfort and security.

Family Law	A husband who has deserted his wife, as in the case before us, must, in good faith, in a conciliatory manner, and without unreasonable conditions, invite his wife to live with him before he can charge her with desertion. His invitation must have at least the appearance of sincerity, must manifest a real desire for his wife's return, and must not be made simply for the purpose of laying a foundation for a suit for divorce.

Family Law	Although a court charged with the duty of awarding custody of a minor child clearly has the power to alternate or divide the periods of custody between the parents, it is generally agreed that divided custody should be avoided whenever reasonably possible.

Family Law	The party seeking modification of a custody order prove to the court's satisfaction that material changes affecting the child's welfare since the most recent decree demonstrate that custody should be disturbed to promote the child's best interests. The positive good brought about by the modification must more than offset the inherently disruptive effect caused by uprooting the child.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Neb. Rev. Stat. ? 42-366(8) (Reissue 1993) requires the court to include as part of the marital estate, for purposes of the division of property at the time of dissolution, any pension plans, retirement plans whether vested or not vested. Pension plans shall be included as a part of the marital estate for purposes of the division of property at the time of dissolution.

Family Law	Tenn. Code Ann. ? 36-6-101(a)(2)(B)(i) provides that when a petition for custody modification is contested, the court shall make such a finding as to the reason and the facts that constitute the basis for the custody determination.

Family Law	Although Minn. Stat. ? 518.612 (1994) prohibits a parent from denying visitation because of another parent's nonpayment of child support, the law does allow the court to consider willful nonpayment when establishing visitation rights under Minn. Stat. ? 518.175, subd. 1 (1994).

Family Law	Mississippi does not have a statute authorizing courts to terminate or modify alimony where the party receiving it is living openly or cohabiting with a member of the opposite sex, but cohabitation itself is illegal.  Miss. Code Ann. ? 97-29-1 (Supp. 1992).The Supreme Court of Mississippi adopts the position that a chancery court is to examine the financial circumstances of a party receiving alimony, in order to determine if modification of the alimony award is merited. In determining the effect of post-divorce cohabitation on a recipient spouse's alimony entitlement, financial, rather than moral aspects of the cohabitation are to be considered.

Family Law	The following marriages are declared void: First. When either party had a wife or husband living at the time of such marriage. Second. When one of the parties is a white person and the other possessed of one-eighth or more of negro blood. Third. When either party is insane or idiotic at the time of such marriage." Ind. Stat. ? 8360 (Burns 1914), Ind. Rev. Stat. ? 5325 (1881).

Family Law	In order for the court to consider modifying a spouse's existing alimony obligation, it must find that there has been a showing of a real and substantial change of circumstances pursuant to Del. Code Ann. tit. 13, ? 1519(a)(4). In order to determine whether a substantial change of circumstances has occurred, the court not only must measure the other spouse's current economic circumstances against his or her economic circumstances at the time that the order was entered, but also must compare the parties' relative economic circumstances then and now. Finally, the court must be convinced that the enforcement of the original award would produce an undue hardship to the obligor or an undue benefit to the obligee.

Civil Procedure	The two provisions of Civ. Code of 1909, ? 664 (Kansas), relating to residence are as distinct as if each constituted a separate section, the first making a domicile in the State of Kansas for a year a prerequisite to the beginning of an action, and the second providing that a plaintiff shall not only be a resident of the State for a year but he must also be a resident of the county where and when he begins his action except that he may bring it in some other county of the State if the defendant resides or may be summoned there.

Family Law	The family is the basic unit of our society--the center of the personal affections that ennoble and enrich human life. Since the family is the core of the society, the law seeks to foster and preserve marriage.

Military & Veterans Law	The Board of Veterans' Appeals is required to adjudicate all issues reasonably raised by a liberal reading of the appellant's substantive appeal, including all documents and oral testimony in the record prior to the Board's decision.

Military & Veterans Law	An appellant is required to plead with some particularity an allegation of error so that the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims is able to review and assess the validity of the appellant's arguments.

Military & Veterans Law	A claimant is entitled to special monthly pension based on the need for aid and attendance by establishing a factual need for aid and attendance under the criteria set forth in 38 C.F.R. ? 3.352(a). 38 C.F.R. ? 3.351(c)(3) (2010)2010-01-01.

Military & Veterans Law	VA must reopen and review a previously disallowed claim if a claimant submits new and material evidence. 38 U.S.C.S. ? 5108. Evidence is considered "new" if it has not been previously submitted. 38 C.F.R. ? 3.156(a). Evidence is considered "material" if, alone or when considered with previously submitted evidence, it relates to a fact necessary to substantiate the claim. New and material evidence cannot be cumulative or redundant.

Military & Veterans Law	The criteria for a 70 percent disability rating for mental disorders is warranted with the following symptoms: Occupational and social impairment, with deficiencies in most areas, such as work, school, family relations, judgment, thinking, or mood, due to such symptoms as: suicidal ideation; obsessional rituals which interfere with routine activities; speech intermittently illogical, obscure, or irrelevant; near-continuous panic or depression affecting the ability to function independently, appropriately and effectively; impaired impulse control (such as unprovoked irritability with periods of violence); spatial disorientation; neglect of personal appearance and hygiene; difficulty in adapting to stressful circumstances (including work or a worklike setting); inability to establish and maintain effective relationships. 38 C.F.R. ? 4.130, Diagnostic Code 9204 (2010).

Military & Veterans Law	The Board of Veterans' Appeals, as factfinder, is responsible for evaluating the medical evidence of record and assigning each report or opinion its due probative weight. In reviewing the evidence, the Board is free to favor one medical opinion over another if it provides an adequately articulated rationale for its decision. The Board cannot, however, favor a medical opinion that consists of mere conclusory statements. Moreover, the Board may not reject a private medical opinion merely because the examiner did not review the veteran's claims file. Indeed, reliance on a patient's recitation of his history is acceptable if that recitation is an accurate portrayal of the patient's medical history.

Military & Veterans Law	Delay must be unreasonable for the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims to interfere with the adjudicative process of the Department of Veterans Affairs; the mere passage of time in reviewing a matter does not necessarily constitute unreasonable delay.

Military & Veterans Law	In pursuing a claim on remand, an appellant is free to submit additional evidence and argument, including the arguments raised in his briefs to the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims, and the Board of Veterans' Appeals must consider any such evidence or argument submitted.

Public Contracts Law	Under 38 U.S.C.S. ? 7266(a), an appeal is deemed received by the court on the date of the United States Postal Service postmark.

Military & Veterans Law	The U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims requires that an appellant plead with some particularity the allegation of error so that the Court is able to review and assess the validity of the appellant's arguments.

Public Contracts Law	The law does not make the right of exemption depend upon the approval of the bond by any officer. The right exists as soon as the government has had a reasonable time to examine and accept it; and the secretary of war has no right to super-add the condition, that the bond should be approved.

Military & Veterans Law	Under the United States Army's regulatory scheme, if a soldier's unit commander believes that the soldier is unable to perform his duties, the commander should refer him to a medical treatment facility (MTF) for medical evaluation. Army Reg. 635-40, paras. 2-9c, 4-8. After a soldier is referred to the MTF, an MTF physician will examine the soldier, and if it appears the soldier is not medically qualified to perform duty, the MTF commander will refer the soldier to a Medical Evaluation Board (MEB). Army Reg. 635-40, para. 4-9. Therefore, the determination of whether a soldier's medical condition renders him unfit for duty is the responsibility of the evaluating physician at the MTF ; it is not the responsibility of the soldier's commanding officer or his brigade surgeon.

Military & Veterans Law	For VA purposes, the term "veteran" is defined as a person who served in the active military, naval, or air service, and who was discharged or released therefrom under conditions other than dishonorable. 38 U.S.C.S. ? 101 (2); 38 C.F.R. ? 3.1(d) (2012)2012-01-01.

Military & Veterans Law	The term "inextricably intertwined" refers to the relationship between two claims that are so closely connected that it is necessary that they be adjudicated together.

Military & Veterans Law	38 U.S.C.S. ? 5103(a) notice may be generic in the sense that it need not identify evidence specific to the individual claimant's case (though it necessarily must be tailored to the specific nature of the veteran's claim).

Military & Veterans Law	Where a statute or regulation changes during the appellate process, the version more favorable to the claimant shall apply unless Congress provided to the contrary or authorized the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to do so and the secretary did so. In this regard, the court does not determine in the first instance which version of the law is more favorable to the claimant.

Military & Veterans Law	To have been timely filed under 38 U.S.C.S. ? 7266(a) and U.S. Ct. App. Veterans Claims R. 4, a notice of appeal generally must have been received by the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims (or, in certain circumstances, be deemed so received) within 120 days after notice of the underlying final Board of Veterans' Appeals decision was mailed.

Military & Veterans Law	Remand is appropriate where the Board of Veterans' Appeals has incorrectly applied the law, failed to provide an adequate statement of reasons or bases for its determinations, or where the record is otherwise inadequate.

Military & Veterans Law	Upon receipt of a VA Form 1-9 (Substantive Appeal to the Board of Veterans' Appeals), the Board of Veterans' Appeals (BVA) must review all issues which are reasonably raised from a liberal reading of the appellant's substantive appeal. It is the claimant's statements on the VA Form 1-9 which often frame the nature of the appeal to the BVA. However, there is nothing magical about the statements actually on the 1-9 form, given the VA's non-adversarial process. The VA's statutory "duty to assist" must extend this liberal reading to include issues raised in all documents or oral testimony submitted prior to the BVA decision. The court has also stated that developing a claim "to its optimum" must include determining all potential claims raised by the evidence and applying all relevant law and regulation raised by that evidence.

Military & Veterans Law	Pursuant to 38 U.S.C.S. ? 1116(b), the Secretary of Veterans Affairs considers reports by the National Academy of Science and other sound medical and scientific information to determine positive association between certain conditions and herbicide exposure. 38 C.F.R. ? 3.309(e) (2010)2010-01-01 lists conditions eligible for presumption of service connection due to herbicide exposure.

Military & Veterans Law	A single judge may conduct a review when the outcome in the case is controlled by the U.S. Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims' precedents and is not reasonably debatable.

Military & Veterans Law	The U.S. Board of Veterans' Appeals is presumed to have considered all evidence presented in the record; it is not required to specifically discuss every piece of evidence.

Military & Veterans Law	Where the determinative issue involves medical causation or a medical diagnosis, competent medical evidence to the effect that the claim for veteran's benefits is plausible is generally required. In order for such a claim to be well grounded, there generally must be (1) a medical diagnosis of a current disability, (2) medical or, in certain circumstances, lay evidence of incurrence or aggravation of a disease or injury in service, and (3) medical evidence of a nexus between an in-service injury or disease and the current disability. A claim may also be well grounded under 38 C.F.R. ? 3.303(b), where evidence shows that an appellant had a chronic condition, such as hypertension, in service or during an applicable presumption period and presently has the same condition.

Commercial Law (UCC)	The Colorado Uniform Commercial Code establishes rules for the handling of drafts and imposes time limits within which banks must act on checks or drafts presented for payment. One such deadline is the "midnight deadline," which is defined as midnight on a bank's next banking day following the banking day on which it receives the relevant item or notice or from which the time for taking action commences to run, whichever is later. Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 4-4-104(a)(10) (2006). Checks and other drafts presented to a bank must be acted on, paid, returned, or settled by a payor or collecting bank by the "midnight deadline."

Commercial Law (UCC)	A debtor paying money has the right to direct its application, but if he fails to do so, the creditor may make the application at any time before suit is brought. Where payments are made on an open account, and no appropriation thereof has been made by either party before a controversy has arisen concerning them, the law will apply them in discharge of the earliest items.

Commercial Law (UCC)	The Pennsylvania Commercial Code states that all implied warranties are excluded by expressions like "as is." 13 Pa.C.S. ? 2316. Further, the Commercial Code states that whenever possible, an express warranty should be construed to be consistent with language tending to negate or limit warranties. Thus, it is clear that "as is" language does not negate an express warranty, and indeed should be read in conjunction with that warranty to negate any implied warranties. Courts interpreting this provision have come to the same conclusion.

Contracts Law	Neither business sophistication, business haste, nor business prudence in rejecting other bids constitute, per se, defenses to the application of equitable estoppel. Nonetheless, it is contextual and circumstantial evidence that relates to the innocence, good-faith, and diligence of the person claiming estoppel.

Commercial Law (UCC)	The Bulk Sales Act provides that any bulk transfer is ineffective against any creditor of the transferor unless he receives notice of the transfer. Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 4-6-105 (1973).

Commercial Law (UCC)	A person entitled to enforce a negotiable instrument includes the holder of the instrument or a nonholder in possession of the instrument who has the rights of a holder. Wis. Stat. ? 403.301 (2011-12). Generally speaking, a holder is the person in possession of the negotiable instrument. Wis. Stat. ? 401.201(2)(km)1 (2011-12).

Commercial Law (UCC)	Section 2-208(1) of the Uniform Commercial Code provides that a course of performance between the parties which is accepted or acquiesced in without objection by a party with opportunity to object is relevant to determine the meaning of the agreement.

Securities Law	Under Del. Code Ann. tit. 6, ? 2-103 a seller is defined as a person who sells or contracts to sell goods.

Commercial Law (UCC)	In determining whether to apply the one year limit or the three year limit, the dispositive issue is whether the unauthorized signature is that of the customer or that of some other party. If it is that of the customer, the one year limit applies.

Torts	He who falsely affirms the existence of a material fact in regard to an article offered by him for sale, for the purpose of making a sale thereof, which affirmation is relied upon without negligence by the purchaser, to his damage, is guilty of an actionable fraud.

Real Property Law	The explicit language of Miss. Code Ann. ? 75-2-722 does not require that one bringing an action such must have legal title to or the right to possession of the property, because the statute allows such an action to be based upon a special property or an insurable interest.

Commercial Law (UCC)	Missouri's Uniform Commercial Code defines "good faith" as honesty in fact in the conduct or transaction concerned. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 400.1-201(19). Good faith is largely a subjective test.

Commercial Law (UCC)	The right to a deficiency judgment accrues only when there is strict compliance with statutory requirements. Any doubt as to whether there has been compliance with Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 400.9-504 (1986) is to be resolved in favor of the debtor. If a creditor fails to give proper notice, the creditor waives entitlement to pursue a deficiency judgment.

Commercial Law (UCC)	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 400.9-504(3) requires that any disposition of collateral be commercially reasonable in the method, manner, time, place and terms. This provision further requires that the secured party provide the debtor reasonable notification of the time and place of any public sale.

Banking Law	A rediscounted note is defined as follows: A note held by a bank, which it indorses and procures another bank to discount.

Commercial Law (UCC)	A good may breach the implied warranty of merchantability if it is defective as the result of an imperfection or dereliction.

Contracts Law	In the absence of satisfactory proof to the contrary, the presumption is that the debt has not been extinguished by taking the new evidence of indebtedness; such new evidence, in the absence of an intention expressed or implied, being treated as a conditional payment merely.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	In assessing substantial compliance for a statutory lien, the North Dakota Supreme Court has recognized that whether there has been substantial compliance with the statutory requirements necessitates a consideration of the real-world situation from which the account arose. Substantial compliance should not be decided in a vacuum and care should be taken to consider the nature of the business involved. In assessing whether there has been substantial compliance with the requirements for a statutory lien, other courts have considered the degree of noncompliance, the underlying policy of the statutory requirement, and the prejudice suffered by the owner of the property or third parties as a result of the noncompliance.

Commercial Law (UCC)	A breach of contract action under the Uniform Commercial Code does not require foreseeability if injury to person or property proximately results from any breach of warranty.

Banking Law	Although the right to recover substantial damages does not depend on the depositor's occupation, yet it is held that there is a distinction between an ordinary depositor and a depositor who is a merchant or trader. If the depositor is a merchant or trader it will be presumed without further proof that substantial damages have been sustained.

Commercial Law (UCC)	An allonge is a piece of paper annexed to a negotiable instrument or promissory note on which to write endorsements for which there is no room on the instrument itself. An allonge is considered part of the note, and an endorsement on an allonge is effective even if there is room on the note for an endorsement, Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 400.3-204(a), Comment 1.

Banking Law	When a bank fails, the burden of proving that the bank's payment in full of particular checks is a preference of one creditor rests upon the bank's receiver.

Banking Law	The standard banking practice in Denver requires a resolution of the board of directors designating the individuals authorized to draw against a corporate account before disbursing its funds.

Environmental Law	The Wind Energy Act, Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 35-A, ?? 3401-3457, codifies the legislature's determination that it is in the public interest to explore opportunities for and encourage the development, where appropriate, of wind energy production in Maine, and that development of the state's wind energy resources should be undertaken in a manner that ensures significant tangible benefits to the people of the state. Me. Rev. Stat. Ann. tit. 35-A, ? 3402.

Governments	Although a board of directors enjoys rather broad powers in the administration of an irrigation ditch, it is nevertheless precluded from taking unreasonable or arbitrary action.

Administrative Law	When the Public Service Board evaluates a petition for a certificate of public good under Vt. Stat. Ann. tit. 30, ? 248, it is engaging in a legislative, policy-making process. The Board must exercise its discretion to weigh alternatives presented to it, utilizing its particular expertise and informed judgment. The court gives great deference to the Board's expertise and judgment, and accords a strong presumption of validity to the Board's orders. The court will affirm the Board's findings unless they are clearly erroneous, and an appellant bears a heavy burden of demonstrating clear error.

Energy & Utilities Law	It follows that there is a duty on electric companies to make inspections of their wires and equipment. The Supreme Court of Mississippi does not hold that this obligation requires a constant inspection, nor does it attempt to say how often such an inspection shall be made.

Energy & Utilities Law	In order to encourage the development of coordinated statewide electric service at retail, to eliminate or avoid unnecessary duplication of electric utility facilities, and to promote economical, efficient, and adequate electric service to the public, the state of Minnesota shall be divided into geographic service areas within which a specified electric utility shall provide electric service to customers on an exclusive basis. Minn. Stat. ? 216B.37.

Energy & Utilities Law	A certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the Public Service Commission to a public utility is an exclusive permit to serve the area designated and certificated to the utility so long as the utility is capable and willing to provide service to the people within the area.

Energy & Utilities Law	A division order is an instrument required by the purchaser of oil or gas in order that it may have a record showing to whom and in what proportions the purchase price is to be paid. Its execution is procured primarily to protect the purchaser in the matter of payment for the oil or gas, and may be considered a contract between the sellers on the one hand and the purchaser on the other. Generally speaking, a division order is not a contract between sellers themselves, especially in view of the fact that each of the parties having an interest in production may in fact execute separate division orders.

Energy & Utilities Law	Pursuant to Wis. Stat. ? 1797(m)(89), if any public utility shall, directly or indirectly, by any device whatsoever or otherwise, charge, demand, collect, or receive from any person, firm, or corporation a greater or less compensation for any service rendered or to be rendered by it in or affecting or relating to the production, transmission, delivery, or furnishing of heat, light, water or power than that prescribed in the published schedules or tariffs, than it charges, demands, collects, or receives from any other person, firm or corporation for a like and contemporaneous service, such public utility shall be deemed guilty of unjust discrimination which is hereby prohibited and declared to be unlawful.

Energy & Utilities Law	Rhode Island General Laws specifically empowers the Rhode Island Public Utility Commission (commission) with far-reaching authority to investigate transactions among public utilities and their affiliates. A public utility must file with the division any contract or agreement over $ 500 with an affiliate within 10 days after execution; failure to file renders the contract or agreement unenforceable. R.I. Gen. Laws ?? 39-3-28 and -29. The division may require a public utility to file full information with respect to any purchase from or sale to an affiliate. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 39-3-28. In addition, the division has full authority to investigate any contract or agreement with an affiliate and to make any reasonable order relating thereto in the public interest; failure to satisfy the division of the reasonableness of any such contract or agreement empowers the division with the authority to disapprove the contract or agreement, or disallow payments thereunder. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 39-3-30. Moreover, the division has the power in any rate proceeding to disallow payments to affiliates under an existing contract or arrangement unless the public utility has established the reasonableness of such payment. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 39-3-32.

Energy & Utilities Law	A state mining lessee may, if he chooses, take from the mine and use low grade ore, rejecting by pick or shovel or other means dirt and rock and other waste material, after the manner of ordinary good mining, paying the stipulated 25 cents a ton royalty on such product, although under present furnace methods it is not usable in the furnaces in the condition in which the lessee takes it from the mine; but that the lessee is not entitled to take such product to the washer, subject it to treatment or "beneficiation," and pay 25 cents per ton on the reduced tonnage of concentrates directly usable in the furnaces.

Energy & Utilities Law	R.I. Gen. Laws ? 39-4-10 is "unambiguous" in permitting the Rhode Island Division of Public Utilities and Carriers to issue orders regulating carriers if it finds that any practice, act or service is unjust, unreasonable, insufficient, preferential, unjustly discriminatory, or otherwise in violation of R.I. Gen. Laws tit. 39, chs. 1-5.

Energy & Utilities Law	A completed well is one drilled to such depth as to penetrate to the oil and gas sand in that community, or to such depth that the absence of oil or gas precluded the probability of finding it at a further depth.

Energy & Utilities Law	The court to which the appeal is taken shall only inquire into whether or not its decision is supported by substantial evidence or is arbitrary or capricious, or beyond the power of the Oil &amp; Gas Board to make, or whether it violates any constitutional right of the complaining party.

Energy & Utilities Law	When a utility files a rate or schedule of rates that increases an existing rate or schedule of rates, the public utility commission (PUC) may, and in some cases must, conduct a hearing to determine its propriety and reasonableness. Or. Rev. Stat. ? 759.180(1). If PUC allows the proposed rate or schedule of rates to become effective on an interim basis while it conducts a hearing, Or. Rev. Stat. ? 759.185(4) provides, in pertinent part, that any increased revenue collected by the telecommunications utility as a result of such rate or rate schedule becoming effective shall be received subject to being refunded.

Energy & Utilities Law	Stewart v. Amerada Hess Corp., provides that a lease will not expire for lack of production in and of itself. However, it does not hold that only a judicial determination may end a lease for lack of production in paying quantities. The pronouncement in Smith v. Marshall Oil Corp., makes it clear that it is the unreasonable cessation of production that causes the lease to terminate. Therefore, in conformance with Smith and Stewart, the Supreme Court of Oklahoma determines that it is the failure to produce in paying quantities during the lease's secondary term rather than the entrance of a court order which terminates a lease.

Energy & Utilities Law	The state legislature has established certain goals which utility regulation and supervision are intended to achieve: reasonable and proper services should be made available to the public at fair, just and reasonable rates, and capital and investment should be encouraged and attracted for the plants and facilities which are to render that service. N.M. Stat. Ann. ? 68-3-1(B) (1953). Further, the legislature has allowed the New Mexico Public Service Commission great flexibility in the methods to be used in achieving those goals.

Communications Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ?? 5645(2) and (3) provide: 2. No gas corporation, electric corporation, water corporation or municipality shall directly or indirectly by any special rate, rebate, drawback or other device or methods, charge, demand, collect or receive from any person or corporation a greater or less compensation for gas, electricity, water or for any service rendered or to be rendered or in connection therewith, except as authorized in this chapter, than it charges, demands, collects or receives from any other person or corporation for doing a like and contemporaneous service with respect thereto under the same or substantially similar circumstances or conditions. 3. No gas corporation, electric corporation, water corporation or municipality shall make or grant any undue or unreasonable preference or advantage to any person, corporation or locality, or to any particular description of service in any respect, whatever, or subject any particular person, corporation or locality or any particular description of service to any undue or unreasonable prejudice or disadvantage in any respect whatsoever.

Energy & Utilities Law	It is fundamental to a proper test year that costs (both investment and operating) and revenues match, i.e., that they be consistent with each other. Unless there is a matching of costs and revenues, the test year is not a proper one for fixing just and reasonable rates. Ordinarily, if adjustments anticipating increases in expenses are considered by the Public Utilities Commission of Colorado, anticipated increases in revenue should also be considered.

Energy & Utilities Law	The Court will not substitute its own judgment for that of the Public Service Commission where the record shows substantial evidence to support the latter's findings of fact, and, moreover, will not examine into the facts any further than to ascertain this result. The presumption of reasonableness is just that strong. As a fact-finding body, representing the State in the supervision and control of public utilities corporations, the Public Service Commission has been provided by the Legislature with a staff of trained assistants and specialists for the very purpose of furnishing a sound foundation of facts for every finding by the Commission. The Courts have no such facilities or equipment to function in this field of governmental control over public utilities, and will not disturb the Commission's findings where there appears substantial evidence to support them.

Energy & Utilities Law	When a complaint is filed under the provisions of the Territorial Integrity Act, the question of which electric suppliers' facilities are actually duplicative or wasteful is one of fact for the Public Service Commission to determine.

Tax Law	By depreciation is meant that inevitable decrease, year after year, in the value of any industrial plant owing to ordinary wear and tear, to the influence of the elements, and to improvements in materials and methods which thereby lessen the value of the old. The term also covers the necessity of providing, in a systematic way, the funds in advance and year by year for the change to the new material or method when the old material and methods become useless or inadequate.

Energy & Utilities Law	The use to which the plant, equipment, or some portion thereof is put must be for the public in order to constitute it a public utility. But whether or not the use is for the public does not necessarily depend upon the number of consumers; for there may be only one. On the other hand, a landlord may furnish it to a hundred tenants or, incidentally, to a few neighbors, without coming either under the letter or the intent of the law.

Environmental Law	The Delaware Department of Natural Resources and Environmental Control, through the power granted by the State of Delaware, has the jurisdiction and authority to regulate Delaware's horseshoe crab fishery. Del. Code Ann. tit. 7, ?? 103, 1902, and 2701.

Environmental Law	The purpose of the Watershed Act is to carry out conservation of the natural resources of the state upon sound scientific principles. Minn. Stat. ? 112.34, subd. 1.

Environmental Law	Del. Code Ann. tit. 7, ? 7404 provides as follows: The following classes of tanks are exempt from all provisions of this chapter with the exception of the application of ? 7406 of this title: (a) agricultural and residential tanks of 1,100 gallons or less used for storing motor fuel for non-commercial purposes; and (b) tanks containing heating fuels which are used for consumptive purposes on the premises where stored.

Environmental Law	Mo. Code Regs. Ann. tit. 10, ? 80-3.010(11)(C)2 states: Intermediate cover shall be applied on areas where additional cells are not to be constructed for extended periods over 60 days of time. The thickness of the compacted intermediate cover shall not be less than one foot.

Environmental Law	When Or. Rev. Stat. ? 498.022 prohibits the purchase, sale, or exchange of "wildlife," the court understands that it refers to animals ferae naturae that have not previously been subject to lawful capture. When Or. Rev. Stat. ? 496.992 prohibits the violation of state "wildlife" laws, it is apparent that the term is used in the same fashion.

Environmental Law	The legislature has delegated to the Nevada Board of Wildlife Commission the power to prohibit the commercial taking of unprotected wildlife. Nev. Rev. Stat. ?503.380. The legislature has historically distinguished between commercial and noncommercial use of wildlife. The legislature's distinction is rational. A commercial seller may well have a more devastating effect on Nevada's wildlife than a person who hunts for a hobby.

Environmental Law	An environmental assessment worksheet is a brief document designed to set out the basic facts necessary to determine whether a more in-depth environmental impact statement is necessary for a project. Minn. Stat. ? 116D.04, subd. 1a(c) (2002).

Environmental Law	Wis. Admin. Code ? 326.04(1) provides that piers shall not extend into the water from the shoreline beyond the line of navigation. The "line of navigation" is defined in Wis. Admin. Code ? NR 326.03(3) as the 3 foot depth contour or a greater depth contour if required for boats in use or appropriate for use on the waterway, based on the normal summertime low levels on the waterway or summer minimum levels where established by department order.

Environmental Law	Clearly, the South Carolina Bureau of Ocean and Coastal Resource Management is charged with administering its permitting regulations and is charged with insuring consistent permit evaluations by the South Carolina Department of Health and Environmental Control. 23A S.C. Code Ann. Regs. 30-1.A(2)(b) (Supp. 2001).

Environmental Law	To assure economic viability, flow control measures assure a steady source of revenue by requiring waste haulers to deliver their waste to designated facilities. In circumstances where a local government has contracted for waste disposal services with a private, for-profit corporation, the contractors have considered a flow control ordinance as an essential part of their agreement.

Environmental Law	The legislature, realizing that economic hardship could ensue from immediate compliance with the Missouri Clean Water Act, provided that the Missouri Clean Water Commission could, upon application from a person found to be in violation of the Act, grant a variance from the compliance sections of Chapter 204, for no greater time than is reasonably necessary for the violator to comply with the provisions of the Clean Water Act, provided that such variance is not prohibited by any federal water pollution control act, and if the granting of the variance would not cause or contribute to cause adverse health effects to humans and wildlife. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 204.061.

Environmental Law	Construing La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ?? 30:2050.21 and 30:2050.23 together, the court concludes that the department of environmental quality is statutorily required to notify those persons specifically listed in ? 30:2050.23 of its decisions and that notice accomplished in accordance with that provision constitutes "notice of the action" necessary to commence the running of the 30-day appeal delay in ? 30:2050.21. Actual knowledge, absent compliance with mailing or service requirements when notice is required, is not sufficient to cause an appeal delay to commence.

Environmental Law	Wis. Stat. ? 26.12(6)(a) defines "slash" as any tree tops, limbs, bark, abandoned forest products, windfalls, or other debris left on the land after timber or other forest products are cut. "Snags," "stubs," or "rampikes," mean any dead tree still standing, with or without limbs, or any tree the top of which is broken off.

Patent Law	Satisfaction of the written description requirement in 35 U.S.C.S. ? 112, para. 1, is generally a factual determination to be made on a case-by-case basis. To satisfy the written description requirement, the patent specification must clearly allow persons of ordinary skill in the art to recognize that the inventor invented what is claimed. In other words, one skilled in the art, reading the original disclosure, must immediately discern the limitation at issue in the claims.

Antitrust & Trade Law	For purposes of the Capper-Volstead anti-trust exemption for agricultural cooperatives, 7 U.S.C.S. ? 291, a member has been held to be a person with voting rights in the association. That is, a member, for purposes of the Capper-Volstead Act, is someone with the power to participate in the control and policy making of the association through voting or some equivalent form of power. Simply put, if a member does not have any input into the affairs of the association, surely such member should not be able to destroy the immunity which the association would otherwise enjoy.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Wis. Stat. ? 422.503(2) (2005-06) unequivocally triggers Wis. Stat. ? 425.305 (2005-06), which just as unequivocally voids the transaction freeing a consumer from all obligation to pay.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The state unfair trade practices statute is designed to protect consumers and business competitors and to deter injury to competition by criminalizing unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices in the conduct of any trade or commerce. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 51:1405.  The state statute allows the courts to make this determination on case by case basis.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The Fair Trade Act of Tennessee, Tenn. Code Ann. ? 69-201, et seq., is not against the State's public policy, but is a legislative enactment fixing the State's public policy on the subject.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Within the broad market, well-defined submarkets may exist which, in themselves, constitute product markets for antitrust purposes. The boundaries of such a submarket may be determined by examining such practical indicia as industry or public recognition of the submarket as a separate economic entity, the product's peculiar characteristics and uses, unique production facilities, distinct customers, distinct prices, sensitivity to price changes, and specialized vendors.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The unfair practices declared unlawful by Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 407.020.1 (1994) are unrestricted, all-encompassing and exceedingly broad. For better or worse, the literal words of the statute cover every practice imaginable and every unfairness to whatever degree.

Communications Law	Part 9 of the Colorado Consumer Protection Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. tit. 6, art. 1, is designated the "Colorado No-Call List Act." The Act provides for the creation of a list, or database, of residential subscribers and wireless telephone service subscribers who object to receiving telephone solicitations, Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 6-1-905(1); and it bars as a deceptive trade practice any telephone solicitation to the telephone of a residential subscriber or wireless service subscriber in this state who has added his number and zip code to the Colorado no-call list, Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 6-1-904(1)(a). As used in the Act, "residential subscriber" is a statutorily-defined term of art, which expressly includes any person who has subscribed to residential telephone service with a local exchange provider. Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 6-1-903(9).

Antitrust & Trade Law	If a combination is within the express prohibition of a statute, the words "inimical to the public welfare" are not an added element of definition attached to each of the definitions already given in the separate sections of the statute, but the offense is complete when shown to come within the terms of any section.

Antitrust & Trade Law	A state statute, when considered in the abstract, may be condemned under the antitrust laws only if it mandates or authorizes conduct that necessarily constitutes a violation of the antitrust laws in all cases, or if it places irresistible pressure on a private party to violate the antitrust laws in order to comply with the statute. Such condemnation will follow under 15 U.S.C.S. ? 1 of the Sherman Act when the conduct contemplated by the statute is in all cases a per se violation. If the activity addressed by the statute does not fall into that category, and therefore must be analyzed under the rule of reason, the statute cannot be condemned in the abstract. Analysis under the rule of reason requires an examination of the circumstances underlying a particular economic practice, and therefore does not lend itself to a conclusion that a statute is facially inconsistent with federal antitrust laws.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Persons who sell goods or services as part of an in-home solicitation must provide a written disclosure describing the type of goods or services purchased. Minn. Stat. ? 325G.08, subd. 1(c).

Transportation Law	Pursuant to the Motor Vehicle Repair Act, Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 42-11-108 et seq., "customer" means the owner, the agent of the owner, or a family member, employee, or any other person whose use of the vehicle is authorized by the owner. Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 42-11-101(1).

Antitrust & Trade Law	Under N.M. Stat. Ann. ? 57-16-13, any person who shall be injured in his business or property by reason of anything forbidden in the Motor Vehicle Dealer's Franchising Act may sue therefor in the district court.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The McGuire Act, 15 U.S.C.S. ? 45, specifically exempts the non-signer provisions of state fair trade acts from the operation of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act. The McGuire Act is constitutional.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The New Mexico Cigarette Fair Trade Act, N.M. Stat. Ann. ?? 49-3-1 to 49-3-14 (1953), makes it unlawful for any retailer or wholesaler, with intent to injure competitors or to destroy or substantially lessen competition, to advertise, offer for sale, or sell at retail or wholesale cigarettes at less than cost to such retailer or wholesaler, as the case may be, as defined in the act.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Pursuant to the Master Settlement Agreement, certain tobacco product manufacturers were required to pay substantial sums to the state. Because it would be contrary to the policy of the State of Oregon if those tobacco product manufacturers who determine not to enter into such a settlement could use a resulting cost advantage to derive large, short-term profits, the legislature established, in the Qualifying Escrow Act, a system whereby those manufacturers would be required to establish a reserve fund to guarantee a source of compensation and to prevent such manufacturers from deriving large, short-term profits and then becoming judgment-proof before liability may arise, Or. Rev. Stat. ? 323.803(6). The Complementary Act, in turn, provides broad procedural enhancements, Or. Rev. Stat. ? 180.400, that were not provided for in the Qualifying Escrow Act in order to ensure that the purpose of the latter statutory scheme is served. A broad construction of "in this state" to include sales of cigarettes by out-of-state sellers to consumers located in Oregon is consistent with that purpose. Sales of the cigarettes of nonparticipating manufacturers from an out-of-state seller to purchasers located in Oregon constitute sales "in this state" for purposes of Or. Rev. Stat. ? 180.440(1)(b).

Antitrust & Trade Law	1899 Minn. Laws ch. 359 has application to those combinations, conspiracies, and trusts which have for their purpose the restraint of trade or commerce, or which tend to limit or control the supply of any article, commodity, or utility, or to limit, control, or raise the market price of such article, and which interfere with open and free competition.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Under Wis. Stat. ? 100.30(4), it is illegal for a retailer to sell merchandise at less than cost to the retailer as defined in Wis. Stat. ?? 100.30(2)(a) and ? 100.30(2m)(a).

Antitrust & Trade Law	If a brewer engages in conduct prohibited by Minn. Stat. ?? 325B.01-.17 (1994) of the Minnesota Beer Brewers and Wholesalers Act, a wholesaler may maintain a suit against the brewer. Minn. Stat. ? 325.08 (1994). Prohibited conduct includes the unreasonable withholding of consent to any assignment, transfer or sale of the wholesaler's business. Minn. Stat. ? 325B.06 (1994).

Antitrust & Trade Law	To enforce the provisions of the West Virginia Consumer Credit and Protection Act (Act), W. Va. Code ? 46A-1-101 et seq. (2006), the attorney general may bring a civil action to restrain a defendant from engaging in such unfair or deceptive acts. W. Va. Code ? 46A-7-107 (2006). If the attorney general can prove that a defendant has engaged in a course of repeated and willful violations of the Act, then a court may assess a civil penalty of no more than $ 5,000 for each violation. W. Va. Code ? 46A-7-111(2) (2006). The Act defines "trade or commerce" as the advertising, offering for sale, sale, or distribution of any goods or services that directly or indirectly affects West Virginia citizens. W. Va. Code ? 46A-6-102(6) (2006). In defining "unfair methods of competition and unfair or deceptive acts or practices," the Act sets forth a non-exhaustive list of prohibited activities, including those stated in W. Va. Code ? 46A-6-102(7)(E), (H), (L), (M), and (N) (2006).

Antitrust & Trade Law	Md. Ann. Code art. 2B, ? 94 (Supp. 1947) plainly forbids discrimination between one customer and another by a single wholesaler or manufacturer and thereby confers power to fix prices vertically. It is very similar to the so-called Robinson-Patman Act, 15 U.S.C.S. ? 13, which seeks to prevent discrimination between purchasers of like grades and qualities from the same manufacturer or wholesaler.

Contracts Law	Under the tender back rule, the consumer is generally required to disaffirm the contract and restore what he received under the bargain, or at least offer in good faith to restore it, before the defendant is required to restore what he received.

Antitrust & Trade Law	Under Delaware's Consumer Fraud and Deceptive Trade Practices Acts, the Attorney General may seek civil penalties if it is determined that a party has willfully violated the provisions of either act.

Transportation Law	Wis. Stat. ? 218.0171(1)(d) (2003-2004) defines "motor vehicle" as any motor driven vehicle required to be registered under Wis. Stat. ch. 341 or exempt from registration under Wis. Stat. ? 341.05(2) but does not mean a moped, semitrailer or trailer designed for use in combination with a truck or truck tractor. Wis. Stat. ? 341.25(1)(i) and (j) require registration of recreational vehicles and motor homes, respectively.

Civil Procedure	The merits of an existing defense which may be pleaded in resistance against an asserted liability can be affected only by judicial, and not by legislative, action.

Civil Procedure	The application of the test for remittitur to the facts of a particular case is a matter within the discretion of the trial judge, for which he will not be reversed unless it can be demonstrated that there was a clear abuse of discretion. The trial court will not be reversed for denying remittitur unless the appellate court is of the opinion that the amount of the verdict is "outrageous," "shocking," or "monstrous."

Civil Procedure	Under the Assumpsit Rules, the sheriff must serve the initial process, whether it be a writ or a complaint. The former Equity Rules permitted the bill to be served by either the sheriff or an adult, but if the summons was used to commence the action only the sheriff could serve it, for the summons was always addressed to the sheriff. Pa. Equity R. 1504(a) makes several changes and provides that either the writ of the complaint may be served by either the sheriff or a competent adult.

Civil Procedure	An appeal must be decided solely upon the evidence actually produced in the court below, and any plat or instrument not so produced and received in evidence is a mere fugitive paper, which may not be considered by the appellate court, even though its intended use is solely for an illustrative purpose. An appellate court is confined to the record before it.

Civil Procedure	An appellate court reviews the district court's denial of a motion to amend under Neb. Ct. R. Pleading Civ. Actions 15(a) (rev. 2003) for an abuse of discretion. However, the appellate court reviews de novo any underlying legal conclusion that the proposed amendments would be futile.

Civil Procedure	In a summary judgment context, if the nonmoving party fails to make a sufficient showing on an essential element of his or her case for which he or she has the burden of proof, the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law.

Civil Procedure	It is not essential to the right to apply for a writ of prohibition that the question of jurisdiction should have been passed upon by the lower court or that the petitioner has not some other equitable remedy.

Civil Procedure	Rule 54, Miss. Rules Civ. Proc., provides in part that absent a special statute or rule, or an exceptional exercise of judicial discretion, such items as attorney's fees, travel expenditures, and investigatory expenses will not qualify either as statutory fees or reimbursable costs. These expenses must be borne by the litigants.

Real Property Law	Where a statute creating a lien provides no method for its enforcement, it may be enforced by an ordinary action at law for the collection of the debt. But when a statutory lien provides for a remedy, the remedy is regarded as exclusive and must be pursued. A statutory lien can be enforced only under the facts and conditions provided in the statute.

Civil Procedure	The ultimate determination by an appellant court as to whether a given judge or jury abused their "much discretion" as a matter of law is a judgment call.

Civil Procedure	Under Ala. R. Civ. P. 26(b)(1), a party to a civil action may obtain discovery regarding any matter, not privileged, which is relevant to the subject matter involved in the pending action, and a discovery request is not generally due to be refused simply because the information sought will be inadmissible at the trial if the information sought appears reasonably calculated to lead to the discovery of admissible evidence.

Civil Rights Law	The complaint fails to state a claim upon which relief may be granted if the defendant is immune from liability for the activity alleged in the complaint.

Governments	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 12.010 provides: Actions at law shall only be commenced within the periods prescribed in this chapter, after the cause of action shall have accrued, except where a different limitation is prescribed by statute. The objection that an action was not commenced within the time limited shall only be taken by answer, except as provided in Or. Rev. Stat. ? 16.260.

Civil Procedure	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 28.110 is construed to require joinder of all affected interests in order to yield jurisdiction to enter a declaratory judgment. The lack of jurisdiction is premised on the absence of a justiciable controversy and is grounded in the policy favoring finality of judgments. The second part of Or. Rev. Stat. ? 28.110, requiring that no declaration shall prejudice the rights of persons not parties to the proceeding, is merely an emphasis of the mandate in the first clause requiring joinder of all who have or claim any interest which would be affected by the declaration.

Governments	The sureties in a sheriff's bond are liable for his failure to pay over money received in his official capacity during the term of office covered by their bond, although the money arose from a partition sale made by him during a previous term of office, covered by a bond with different sureties.

Criminal Law & Procedure	S.C. Code ? 653 (1942) places within the discretion of the trial judge the question of whether or not a reference should be ordered.

Civil Procedure	Minn. R. Civ. P. 60.02 sets forth the grounds on which a party may obtain relief from a final judgment. The rule vests courts with discretion to vacate a final judgment on a showing of surprise, newly discovered evidence, or any other reason justifying relief from the operation of the judgment. Minn. R. Civ. P. 60.02. An appellate court will not disturb a trial court's resolution of such a motion absent a clear abuse of discretion.

Civil Procedure	There can be no question that the rule that fraud vitiates everything into which it enters applies to verdicts and judgments, and the equitable powers of the courts on that subject may be administered summarily upon rule.

Civil Procedure	If there is doubt as to the sufficiency of an averment, it is too late to raise it after a trial on the merits in which the question was treated by both parties as part of the issue.

Civil Procedure	Requirements for pleading an affirmative defense are designed to give the opposing party notice so that it may meet the defense.

Contracts Law	To prove reasonable reliance for purposes of an equitable estoppel claim, a party must assert its claim in a timely fashion; if a party has failed to exercise due diligence in filing its action after the grounds giving rise to the claimed estoppel have ceased to exist, the claim may be denied.

Civil Procedure	A plea in abatement is not waived by a plea in bar in the same answer, and the defendant must include all his defenses in one answer.

Energy & Utilities Law	When a group claiming to be a public interest litigant provides relevant information about its members' interests and the opposing party does not provide detailed information to rebut the assertion of public-interest-litigant status, the group may be considered a public interest litigant.

Civil Rights Law	In excessive force claims courts look solely at the officers' use of force in dealing with the situation before them at the time the force was applied.

Family Law	In reviewing an alimony award, an appellate court does not determine whether it would have awarded the same amount of alimony as did the trial court, but whether the trial court's award is untenable such as to deprive a party of a substantial right or just result. In determining whether alimony should be awarded, in what amount, and over what period of time, the ultimate criterion is one of reasonableness. The purpose of alimony is to provide for the continued maintenance or support of one party by the other when the relative economic circumstances make it appropriate. In dividing property and considering alimony upon a dissolution of marriage, a court should consider four factors: (1) the circumstances of the parties; (2) the duration of the marriage; (3) the history of contributions to the marriage; and (4) the ability of the supported party to engage in gainful employment without interfering with the interests of any minor children in the custody of each party.

Family Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 452.340.1 (1994) permits the trial court to award retroactive child support to the date of the filing of the petition. It is within the trial court's discretion to award retroactive child support. Further, a party is entitled to receive credit against the retroactive award of temporary support for voluntary amounts paid to the child between the time of separation and the time of trial.

Securities Law	A "control person" shares the liability for violations of securities laws with the primary violator it controlled. Mont. Code Ann. ? 30-10-307(2).

Securities Law	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 59.035(2) provides an exemption from registration for an isolated transaction not in the course of repeated and successive transactions in Oregon.

Governments	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 7739 states as follows: All information received by the commission under this chapter shall be kept open by the commissioner to public inspection at reasonable hours and the commissioner shall supply to the public copies of summaries of such information at charges equaling the cost of typing or printing: Provided, however, that the commissioner shall have power to place in a separate file not open to the public except on his special order, any information which he deems in justice to the person filing the same should not be made public.

Securities Law	Section 10 of the Securities Act of April 13, 1927, 1927 Pa. Laws 273, provides for the registration of salesmen upon written application by a registered dealer, and the commission shall register, as agents or salesmen of such dealers, such persons as the dealer may request. The Pennsylvania Securities Commission shall issue to each person so registered a registration certificate, stating his name and residence, the address of the dealer, and the fact that he is registered for the current calendar year as an agent or salesman, as the case may be, of the dealer.

Securities Law	Under state and federal securities laws an agent or representative of a seller of an unregistered security can be held liable to the purchaser even if the agent participates in effecting only one such transaction.

Securities Law	Under Wis. Stat. ? 189.05 (15), the provisions of the statutes prohibiting the sale of securities without registration shall not apply to the issue in good faith of securities by a company to its security holders, or creditors, in the process of a bona fide reorganization of the company made in good faith, or the issue in good faith of securities by a company, taking over substantially all the assets and continuing the business of another company, to the security holders or creditors of such other company.

Securities Law	Neither ? 11-51-117(2) of the Colorado Securities Act of 1981, 4B Colo. Rev. Stat. ?? 11-51-101 - 129 (1987), nor any other provision of the act prohibits the commissioner from disclosing to other state and federal regulatory and law enforcement agencies, under an agreement of confidentiality, information regarding possible law violations obtained by the commissioner during an examination of the books and records of a broker-dealer transacting business in the State of Colorado.

Securities Law	Wis. Stat. ?? 189.07 and 189.19(2) are part of Wis. Stat. ch. 189, the Wisconsin Securities Law, the purpose of which is to protect the public by preventing the sale of worthless and fraudulent securities.

Securities Law	According to the Indiana Securities Act, in connection with an offer, sale or purchase of any security, an individual may not omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made in the light of circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.  Ind. Code Ann. ? 23-2-1-12(2).

Securities Law	A touchstone for determining control is whether an investor has sufficient intelligence and understanding to evaluate the recommendations of a broker and to reject an investment opportunity if he or she regards it as unsuitable. Even if an account is non-discretionary, a broker may exercise "de facto control" if an investor places his trust and faith in a broker and routinely follows the advice of his broker.

Securities Law	Materiality in reference to a misrepresentation made to a shareholder is a mixed question of law and fact, involving as it does the application of a legal standard to a particular set of facts.

Securities Law	The Indiana Securities Regulation Act, Ind. Code ?? 23-2-1-1 to 23-2-1-24, defines the sale of a security to include the disposition of a security for value, Ind. Code. ? 23-2-1-1(i)(3), and the purchase of a security as an acquisition, direct or indirect, of a security for value. Ind. Code. ? 23-2-1-1(i)(4).

Securities Law	The word "person," as used in the Uniform Stock Transfer Act, includes two or more persons having a joint or common interest. Md. Code art. 23, ? 75.

Securities Law	The 'Sale of Business Doctrine' only applies to remove a transaction from the Uniform Securities Act, S.C. Ann. ?? 35-1-10 et seq. (1976), where control is clearly passed from seller to buyer. Control cannot be determined based solely on the percentage of stock transferred.

Securities Law	Neb. Rev. Stat. ? 8-1118(1) makes it clear that liability may be imposed on either an offeror or a seller when it states that any person who offers or sells a security in violation of Neb. Rev. Stat. ? 8-1104 shall be liable to the person buying the security from him.

Securities Law	The Municipal Court for the District of Columbia is a court of competent jurisdiction within the meaning of ? 12(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, 15. U.S.C.S. ?? 77l, where the amount in controversy is below $ 3,000.

Securities Law	The state court's authority to review and grant relief under the Securities Act of 1933 is set out in ? 77v(a), which provides that state courts shall have jurisdiction of offenses and violations concurrent with United States district courts.

Commercial Law (UCC)	The application of 1883 Tenn. Pub. Acts 251 must be kept distinct and separate from 1919 Tenn. Pub. Acts 94. The 1883 Act, Tenn. Code Ann. ? 39-2020, declares as gaming any contract for future delivery where either of the parties, buyer or seller, is dealing simply for a margin, or on the prospective rise or fall in the price of the thing sold, and where either of the contracting parties has no intention or purpose of making actual delivery or receiving the property or thing in specie.

Securities Law	Having determined that the legislature intended administrative sanctions under the Utah Uniform Securities Act, Utah Code Ann. ?? 61-1-1 to -25 (2006 &amp; Supp. 2009), to be civil, the appellate court next turns to the question of whether the statutory scheme was so punitive either in purpose or effect as to transform what was clearly intended as a civil remedy into a criminal penalty. In making this determination, the Hudson Court described certain factors as "useful guideposts." The Kennedy factors include (1) whether the sanction involves an affirmative disability or restraint"; (2) whether it has historically been regarded as a punishment; (3) whether it comes into play only on a finding of scienter; (4) whether its operation will promote the traditional aims of punishment--retribution and deterrence; (5) whether the behavior to which it applies is already a crime; (6) whether an alternative purpose to which it may rationally be connected is assignable for it; and (7) whether it appears excessive in relation to the alternative purpose assigned. These factors must be considered in relation to the statute on its face, and only the clearest proof will suffice to override legislative intent and transform what has been denominated a civil remedy into a criminal penalty.

Securities Law	The Colorado Securities Commissioner's regulations Rules 9 and 9.20, by use of the word may, make clear that written complaints are discretionary. There is no constitutional requirement that such a complaint be made prior to the commencement of an investigation.

Securities Law	The Indiana Securities Act provides that no securities, except certain exempted classes, shall be sold within Indiana unless and until registered by qualification under the act. It also provides that no dealer or agent shall sell any securities until such dealer or agent is duly registered under the act, and the issuer of securities who sells them in Indiana is included in the term "dealer."

Environmental Law	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 215.301 provides in part, that notwithstanding the provisions of Or. Rev. Stat. ? 215.213 and ? 215.283, pertaining to permissible uses in exclusive farm use zones, no application shall be approved to allow batching and blending of mineral and aggregate into asphalt cement within two miles of a planted vineyard.

Environmental Law	A facility does not become a heavy industry use merely because it meets part of the definition. The Coastal Zone Act's definition of heavy industry use, however, suggests that unless a proposed plan has most of the listed characteristics, it will probably not fit the definition of heavy industry use. The phrase "some but not necessarily all" in Del. Code Ann. tit. 7, ? 7002(e), suggests that unless the facility includes almost all of the listed characteristics, or closely resembles the provided paradigmatic examples, it will not satisfy the definition of heavy industry use.

Environmental Law	Local and state provisions permitting nonfarm uses in exclusive farm use (EFU) zones should be construed, to the extent possible, as being consistent with the overriding policy of preventing agricultural land from being diverted to nonagricultural use. The uses allowed in an EFU zone should be limited to those that are related to and promote agricultural use of farm land.

Real Property Law	Section 1 of the act of the 26th of January, 1835 (Missouri) makes no distinction between setting fire on vacant land or land belonging to another than the person doing the act, and putting out fire upon their own land.

Environmental Law	Although Alaska Const. art. VIII, ? 15 prohibits granting monopoly fishing rights, it does not prohibit differential treatment of such diverse user groups as commercial, sports, and subsistence fishermen.

Energy & Utilities Law	In environmental regulation, wide latitude is given to state regulatory agencies on the assumption that such latitude is necessary for them to perform their functions of public service properly.

Environmental Law	According to the Industrial Property Remediation and Reuse Act (IPRRA), R.I. Gen. Laws ? 23-19.14-1 et seq., the Department of Environmental Management (DEM) is charged with the developing, maintaining and publishing of the objectives of an environmental cleanup. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 23-19.14-4. The DEM is also required to develop and implement a process to ensure community involvement throughout the investigation and remediation of contaminated sites. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 23-19.14-5. Also within the IPRRA is a statutory definition of "responsible parties." R.I. Gen. Laws ? 23-19.14-6(a).

Environmental Law	Wis. Admin. Code ? RD 51.10(3) provides in relevant part: Significant quantities of toxic and hazardous wastes shall be disposed of in accordance with the following procedures: (b) The disposal site shall be downgrade and away from any wells, buildings, crops and livestock holding, exercise or pasture areas.

Real Property Law	Everybody has a right on his own land to do anything with regard to the diversion of water, or the storage of water, or with regard to the usage of water, in any way he chooses, provided that when he ceases dealing with it on his own land, when he has made such use of it as he is minded to make, he is not to allow or cause that water to go upon his neighbor's land so as to affect that neighbor's land in some other way than the way in which it had been affected before.

Environmental Law	By statutory mandate, appeals shall be considered only upon the record as made before the Mississippi Environmental Quality Permit Board. Miss. Code Ann. ? 49-17-29(5)(b) (Rev. 2002).

Securities Law	Section 12(1) of the Securities Act of 1933, 15 U.S.C.S. ? 77l(1), provides that any person who offers or sells a security in violation of 15 U.S.C.S. ? 77e, or offers or sells a security (whether or not exempted by the provisions of 15 U.S.C.S. ? 77c, other than 15 U.S.C.S. ? 77c(a)(2)), by the use of any means or instruments of transportation or communication in interstate commerce or of the mails, by means of a prospectus or oral communication, which includes an untrue statement of a material fact or omits to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading (the purchaser not knowing of such untruth or omission), and who shall not sustain the burden of proof that he did not know, and in the exercise of reasonable care could not have known, of such untruth or omission, shall be liable to the person purchasing such security from him, who may sue either at law or in equity in any court of competent jurisdiction, to recover the consideration paid for such security with interest thereon, less the amount of any income received thereon, upon the tender of such security, or for damages if he no longer owns the security.

Real Property Law	A court evaluating a defendant's "inquiry notice" rebuttal of a plaintiff's tolling allegations must define what sort of facts and circumstances would adequately inform a person in the plaintiff's shoes that further inquiry was necessary and how much investigative effort should constitute "reasonably diligent" efforts. It is a mixed question of law and fact, with the specific circumstances of each case defining the nature of the information necessary to establish "inquiry notice" and the level of effort rising to the level of reasonably diligent. However, the information necessary to put a plaintiff on inquiry notice is not necessarily the exact same information necessary to state a claim.

Bankruptcy Law	A debtor may pursue a cause of action accruing before or during the bankruptcy proceeding only if it has been abandoned by the estate. Even the close of the bankruptcy case does not permit the debtor to assert a claim that has not been abandoned.

Bankruptcy Law	11 U.S.C.S. ? 1123(a)(2) provides that a Chapter 11 plan must specify any class of claims or interests that is unimpaired.

Bankruptcy Law	Where a debtor has not listed a potential cause of action as an asset, the trustee cannot abandon the claim because he or she will have had no opportunity to determine whether it will benefit the estate. In such circumstances, the debtor may not claim abandonment and seek to enforce the claim after discharge.

Bankruptcy Law	If there has been the recovery of judgment before bankruptcy, and a seizure of property under it, then the sheriff may go on and sell. This, upon the idea that the creditor has a prior right over other creditors, and the levy makes an inceptive transfer to the sheriff, which the sale completes. But in such case, the bankrupt court, in virtue of its general cognizance over all the parties and the subjects, if it becomes convenient and necessary, in order to adjust the rights and equities of creditors, could cause the sale to be made under its supervision and control.

Bankruptcy Law	Or. Laws ? 7467 (Lord) provides: Every person, within thirty days after the close of the rendition of the services, or after the close of the work or labor mentioned in Or. Laws ?? 7461, 7462 (Lord), claiming the benefit hereof, must file for record with the county clerk of the county in which such sawlogs, spars, piles, or other timber was cut, or in which such lumber was manufactured, a claim containing a statement of his demands and the amount thereof, and it shall also contain a description of the property to be charged with the lien, sufficient for identification with reasonable certainty.

Bankruptcy Law	The fact that a portion of a profit sharing benefit derives from postpetition services is not a reason to exclude the entire benefit from the estate. The issue is simply one of properly allocating to the estate only that portion of the benefit that derives from the prepetition services. In this way, 11 U.S.C.S. ? 541(a)(6)'s exclusion from the bankruptcy estate for "earnings from services performed by an individual debtor after the commencement of the case," is correctly implemented.

Family Law	In the context of 28 U.S.C.S. ? 1334(c)(1), courts can abstain from hearing a related to proceeding for one of three reasons: (1) the interest of justice; (2) the interest of comity with State courts; or (3) respect for State law. In recognition that these are three admittedly nebulous criteria, the appellate courts have developed a number of factors for the trial court to consider in determining whether discretionary abstention is appropriate.

Bankruptcy Law	See the Bankruptcy Act ? 60a , as amended in 1903, Act of February 5, 1903, 32 Stat. at Large 799.

Bankruptcy Law	The bankruptcy trustee may maintain all actions, both at law and in equity, for the recovery and preservation of the assets, both real and personal, of the bankrupt's estate that the bankrupt himself, but for the bankruptcy, could have maintained. Even more, he may maintain an action the bankrupt could not, where he seeks to avoid conveyances made by the bankrupt in fraud of his creditors. In this latter instance it cannot be said that the trustee is a representative of the bankrupt, for he (the bankrupt) could not maintain such a bill, nor in any legal or equitable proceeding become a beneficiary of his own fraudulent act.

Bankruptcy Law	While the law recognizes that an insolvent man is at the mercy of his creditors, yet it endeavors to protect those who extend to him a helping hand, and try to save him and his business from hopeless bankruptcy.

Tax Law	11 U.S.C.S. ? 1502(8) defines property that is "within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States" as tangible property located within the territory of the United States and intangible property deemed under applicable nonbankruptcy law to be located within that territory, including any property subject to attachment or garnishment that may properly be seized or garnished by an action in a federal or state court in the United States. Therefore, with respect to intangible property, in order to find that an interest of a debtor in property is "within the territorial jurisdiction of the United States," a court must find that such interest is located within the United States under applicable nonbankruptcy law.

Bankruptcy Law	Before receiving court approval, a trustee must submit an application to the court that includes a verified statement of the person to be employed setting forth the person's connections with the debtor. Bankruptcy Rule 2014(a) (1991).

Bankruptcy Law	Corporate involuntary bankruptcies require the petition of at least three creditors with a total of claims against the debtor of $ 5,000. 11 U. S.C.S. ? 526. Except for the limited qualification provided in 11 U.S.C.S. ? 59(h), a creditor who is participating in a state court remedy which is thereafter cited as an act of bankruptcy is estopped from being a necessary petitioner for the federal remedy. This party is viewed as having elected a remedy and he cannot then request the alternative proceeding. Once the federal court has jurisdiction, however, he may then protect his rights in that exclusive forum. 11 U.S.C.S. ? 511.

Bankruptcy Law	If it is true that the debtor has been adjudicated a bankrupt, then all property owned by him at the time of the adjudication, except his exemptions, belongs to the bankrupt estate, and should be administered through a trustee for the benefit of the creditors of the bankrupt. Unless the debtor, if he was adjudicated a bankrupt obtained some title to the note in this case sued on through the bankruptcy proceedings, say, through sale by a trustee and purchase by a person who afterwards transferred the note to appellee, then he has no title to or ownership of the note, and in such case has no right to recover.

Bankruptcy Law	Section 63a(5) of the Bankruptcy Act provides that judgments rendered after the filing of the petition in bankruptcy and before the consideration of the application for the discharge may be proved against the estate of the bankrupt less costs incurred and interest accrued after the time of filing the petition.

Bankruptcy Law	11 U.S.C.S. ? 362(b)(4) (1992)1992-01-01 excludes from the automatic stay provision of the Bankruptcy Code the commencement or continuation of an action or proceeding by a governmental unit to enforce such governmental unit's police or regulatory power.

Civil Procedure	Fed. R. Bankr. P. 9024 provides that Fed. R. Civ. P. 60 generally applies to cases under the Bankruptcy Code. Fed. R. Civ. P. 60(c)(1) provides that a motion for relief from a final judgment or order pursuant to Rule 60(b) must be made within a reasonable time.

Bankruptcy Law	A lessor need not show that the debtor's continued possession of its space is a benefit to the estate in order to receive administrative expense priority under 11 U.S.C.S. ? 507(a)(2).

Bankruptcy Law	Wis. Rev. Stat. ? 1697, which requires an assignor to make and file in the office of the clerk, a correct inventory of his assets and a list of his creditors within 10 days after the execution of the assignment, is peremptory and a failure to so make and file avoids the assignment. However, the same section declares, in effect, that no mistake made in the inventory or list filed shall invalidate the assignment or affect the right of any creditor. The word mistake is not confined to inaccurately stating or describing any of the several items actually mentioned in the list or inventory but may cover mistakes of omission as well.

Bankruptcy Law	"Insolvency," in its general and popular meaning, provides that it is the insufficiency of the entire property and assets of an individual to pay his debts.

Family Law	11 U.S.C.S. ? 101(14A) defines domestic support obligation as a debt (A) owed to or recoverable by (i) a spouse, former spouse, or child of a debtor or such child's parent, legal guardian or responsible relative; or (ii) a governmental unit; (B) in the nature of alimony, maintenance, or support of such spouse, former spouse or child of the debtor; (C) established by reason of applicable provisions of (i) a separation agreement, divorce decree, or property settlement agreement; (ii) an order of a court of record; or (iii) a determination made in accordance with applicable nonbankruptcy law by a governmental unit.

Tax Law	Where a taxpayer is employed by two different employers on the same day, he may deduct the cost of traveling, including depreciation attributable thereto, between the two places of employment.

Tax Law	Chapter 53 of the General Laws of 1866 (Wisconsin) provides as follows: In all advertisements, certificates, papers or proceedings relating to the assessment and collection of taxes, and proceedings founded thereon, any description of lands which shall indicate the land intended with ordinary and reasonable certainty, and which would be sufficient between grantor and grantee in an ordinary conveyance, shall be sufficient.

Tax Law	Neither the constitutional provision embodying Measure 50, Or. Const. art. XI, ? 11(1)(a) and (b), nor the relevant statutory provisions implementing that measure in Or. Rev. Stat. ? 308.146 (2003) make any provision for reducing maximum assessed value when a structure is voluntarily removed from the property by the owner. Maximum assessed value is determined for all the property in the property tax account, rather than separately for land and improvements.

Tax Law	In April of 2001, the legislature, again by private act, reenacted and restated the 1981 Act imposing a privilege tax. This reenactment/restatement (the 2001 Act) changed certain aspects of the 1981 Act. Section 7 of the 2001 Act restated Section 9 of the 1981 Act, pertaining to remedies with respect to erroneous payments, as follows: Upon any claim of illegal assessment and collection, the operator liable for collecting and remitting the tax shall have the remedy provided in Tennessee Code Annotated, Title 67, Chapter 1, Part 9, for recovery of erroneous tax payments, it being the intent of this act that the provisions of law which apply to recovery of taxes illegally assessed and collected shall apply to the tax collected under the authority of this act; provided, the county trustee shall possess those powers and duties as provided in Tennessee Code Annotated, Section 67-1-707, with respect to the adjustment and settlement with such operators of all errors of taxes collected by him under the authority of this act and direct the refunding of the same. Notice of any tax paid under protest shall be paid to the county trustee, and suit for recovery shall be brought against him.

Tax Law	Colo. Rev. Stat. ?? 39-1-104(9)(a) and (c) and 39-1-103(5)(a) (1977 Cum. Supp.) require the application of the depreciation factor annually from the base year to the date of assessment of personal business property.

Tax Law	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 308.232 directs that all property shall be assessed at its true cash value. "True cash value" is defined by Or. Rev. Stat. ? 308.205 as meaning the market value as of the assessment date. With respect to property which has no immediate market value, its true cash value shall be the amount of money that would justly compensate the owner for loss of the property.

Tax Law	Utah Code Ann. ? 59-2-1102(3) (2000) states, without any limitation other than the stated waiver provision, that no reduction may be made in the value of property and no exemption may be granted unless the party affected makes and files a written application for the reduction or exemption. Thus, qualification for receiving section Utah Code Ann. ? 59-2-103(2) (2000) reduction in the fair market value of residential property, which represents a residential exemption, ? 59-2-103(2) is clearly subject to ? 59-2-1102(3)'s sweeping mandate.

Tax Law	2007 La. Acts 456 provides for infrastructure tax credits through January 1, 2009, but imposes limits on those tax credits for applications filed after August 1, 2007. 2007 La. Acts 456 limits infrastructure credits primarily by increasing and imposing a deadline on the minimum spend necessary to obtain credits, imposing a six-month deadline to begin construction, and imposing a $25 million per project cap on the tax credits.

Tax Law	The fact that Or. Const. art. XI, ? 11 is silent with regard to adjusting maximum assessed value (MAV) due to decreases in value implies a conscious decision. It requires a stretch of the imagination to envision the authors of section 11 giving such detailed attention to events that increase value yet, through oversight, failing to provide for adjustments due to decreases in value. It is far more likely that they intended any value decreases to be reflected in the alternative to MAV: real market value. As a practical matter, MAV will apply where property increases in value but real market value will apply where property decreases in value.

Tax Law	In evaluating the competing evidence for real market value, the court looks to the comparability of the different sales and the application of all necessary adjustments for differences. Adjustments are a key component in evaluating properties. Ideally, if all comparable properties are identical to the subject property, no adjustments will be required. However, this is rarely the case. After researching and verifying transactional data and selecting the appropriate unit of comparison, the appraiser adjusts for any differences. Raw, unrefined price information is not enough. Similarly, the process of averaging numbers tends to discount the most comparable and accent the dissimilar.

Tax Law	A real property tax may be levied upon land owned by a public body not used for a public purpose but leased to a private individual for a commercial purpose.

Tax Law	In discrimination cases courts are obliged to intervene and correct those assessments where the taxpayer is taxed at a substantially higher value than most other taxpayers similarly situated. Where property is valued at approximately the same level as most other taxpayers intervention by the courts is not required or appropriate.

Tax Law	Or. Admin. R. 150-314.280-(M) (1995) is fundamentally at odds with the statutory provisions of Or. Rev. Stat. ? 314.280 (1987) and the duty of the Oregon Department of Rule to act by rule if it wishes to change the methods taxpayers must use.

Tax Law	1877 Wis. Laws ch. 246 requires the assessors to lay before the board of review their assessment roll of the real property, and all sworn statements made by others, and valuations made by them of personal property and bank stock; and such board is thereupon required, under their official oaths, to carefully review and examine said roll and statements, and all valuations of real or personal property and bank stock, and correct any errors apparent in the description of property or otherwise, and for that purpose they are thereby required to hear and examine any person or persons upon oath, who should appear before them, in relation to the assessment of any property upon said roll, or in relation to any property omitted therein; and requires the clerk to reduce such examination to writing and carefully preserve the same on file in his office; and if it appears that any property has been valued by the assessors too high or too low, they are to increase or lessen the same to the true valuation, according to the rules prescribed.

Tax Law	Or. Rev. Stat. ? 315.262 allows certain low-income taxpayers a refundable credit against their Oregon income taxes for the purpose of partially offsetting the taxpayer's childcare costs.

Tax Law	Mont. Rev. Code ? 2148 (1921) reads as follows: The rate of taxation on real and personal property for state purposes for each year for a period of ten years, beginning with the year 1921, shall be increased one and one-half mills on each dollar of valuation, and the legislative assembly is authorized and empowered to levy a tax for state purposes for each of said years of not exceeding three and one-half mills on each dollar of valuation for state purposes, and all money derived from one and one-half mills of such levy for each of such years shall be appropriated by the legislative assembly for the support, maintenance and improvement of the State University at Missoula, the State College of Agriculture and Mechanic Arts at Bozeman, the Montana State School of Mines at Butte, and the Montana State Normal College at Dillon, now comprised in the University of Montana.

Tax Law	A comparison of ?? 44 and 44 1/2 of the Virginia Tax Bill demonstrates a discrimination in favor of the resident property owner. Under ? 44 of the Bill, property devised or bequeathed to charitable, philanthropic and educational organizations within the State is exempt from taxation. No such exemption is provided for in the case of a non-resident. Deductions for debts, funeral and administration expenses are allowed in residents' estates--no deductions in the case of non-residents' estates.

Communications Law	There can be no recovery under an Indiana statute in actions against a telegraph company for failure to transmit and deliver a telegraphic message, where the contract was made in a foreign state.

Communications Law	Congress has explicitly authorized the collection of funds to support universal service programs. All interstate telecommunications service providers contribute to the federal universal service fund, which is an equitable and nondiscriminatory fee paid to preserve and advance the universal service. 47 U.S.C.S. ? 254(d). Congress has empowered the states to collect funds from carriers providing intrastate telecommunications services. As with the federal universal service fund, the assessment of state universal funds must be equitable, nondiscriminatory, and not burdensome to the federal universal service system. 47 U.S.C.S. ? 254(f).  In other words, the state may adopt regulations consistent with the federal rules to preserve and advance universal service. This permits the Federal Communications Commission to access interstate service providers to fund the federal universal service programs and permits the states to assess intrastate providers to fund the state universal service programs.

Communications Law	Public telephone lines are common carriers in the State of Indiana. By statute they are compelled to supply all applicants, within local limits, with telephone connections and facilities, without discrimination or partiality, provided such applicants comply with the reasonable rules and regulations of said company. ? 5802 Burns 1908, 1885 Ind. Acts 151, ? 2.

Communications Law	A telephone service classified as basic is subject to limitations on increases in rates beyond the first four years that a provider became subject to a price regulation plan, and those limitations are not applicable to services which are non-basic.

Communications Law	The Telephone Consumer Protection Act of 1991, 47 U.S.C.S. ? 227 et seq., mandates that a sender of a facsimile advertisement obtain the recipient's "prior express invitation or permission" before sending that advertisement. 47 U.S.C.S. ? 227(a)(4).

Communications Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 3330 (19091) imposes a penalty of 300 dollars for failure to give information to persons sending telegrams regarding conditions that would effect transmission.

Communications Law	The law vests no authority in the office of the attorney general to order a telephone company to discontinue its service, and this being true, the telephone company was not bound to abide by the order of the attorney general.

Communications Law	A telegraph company has the right to refuse service which is connected with illegal operations. The company may refuse to render such service, not only where such action would subject it to prosecution as a participant in the illegality, but also where it would have the effect of promoting illegality, even though the company might not be liable to punishment for rendering the service. A telegraph company cannot be compelled to furnish reports of market prices to a bucket shop, notwithstanding its duty as a public service corporation to serve all customers without discrimination, and even though it may have executed a contract to furnish such reports.

Communications Law	Minn. Stat. ? 237.25 (1980) provides in part: Any party to a proceeding before the Department of Public Service or the attorney general may make and perfect an appeal from such order any order of the Commission under the provisions of ch. 237 as provided in Minn. Stat. ?? 216.24 and 216.25. Minn. Stat. ? 237.26 provides: If no appeal is taken from any order of the Department, as above provided, then in all litigation thereafter arising between the State and any telephone company or between private parties and any telephone company, the order shall be deemed final and conclusive.

Communications Law	The plain, ordinary, and usual meaning of the Indiana Autodialer Law, codified at Ind. Code ?? 24-5-14-1 to -13, clearly delineates when a caller may (or may not) use or connect an autodialer to a telephone line. The categories of permitted calls do not turn on whether the call is a consumer transaction call or that the caller's message is commercial in nature.

Communications Law	It is the duty of a telegraph company which receives a message for transmission, directed to an individual at one of its stations, to deliver that message to the person to whom it is addressed, with reasonable diligence and in good faith. That is a part of its contract, implied by taking the message and receiving payment therefor.

Communications Law	Telegraph companies are quasi public corporations, and are, under the general duty they owe to the public, required to transmit and deliver any messages given to them for that purpose, on the payment or tender of the usual charges, with reasonable diligence and in the order of time in which such messages were delivered. While these obligations rest upon such companies by virtue of their quasi public character, and, perhaps, as common law obligations, yet, in order to set this question at rest, many, if not all, the states have passed appropriate statutes requiring such companies, under penalties, to receive messages, and, on payment of the usual charges, to transmit them faithfully, without unreasonable delay, and in the order in which they are received, and without making unjust discriminations between patrons.

Communications Law	Ind. Code ? 8-1-2-4 saddles a telephone company with a statutory duty to furnish reasonably adequate service and facilities. It is obligated to make a reasonable effort to honor all service commitments, Ind. Admin. Code tit. 170, r. 7-1-22(4); and it is obligated to make reasonable efforts to prevent interruptions in its services and to re-establish the interrupted services as soon as possible. Ind. Admin. Code tit. 170, r. 7-1-28. Directory assistance operators are required to have access to the telephone numbers for which they are responsible for furnishing directory assistance. Ind. Admin. Code tit. 170, r. 7-1-23(5). From these rules of the Public Service Commission, and from its general responsibility as a public utility, a duty to provide adequate directory service is established by law.

Communications Law	1 Mason Minn. Stat. ? 5291 (1927) implies power in the state railroad and warehouse commission to sanction and approve rates proposed by a telephone company.

Communications Law	Ordinarily telegraph messages are accepted for transmission subject to reasonable regulations as to office hours, and it is not the duty of the company to transact its business out of such hours, yet this general rule is subject to the limitation that the company may waive such regulations, or enter into a special agreement or undertaking to transmit and deliver out of such hours.

Communications Law	The Telecommunications Act of 1996 defines an incumbent local exchange carrier as a carrier that on February 8, 1996, provided telephone exchange service in such area; and, 47 U.S.C.S. ? 251(B)(i) (1998)1998-01-01, on February 8, 1996, was deemed to be a member of the exchange carrier association or is a person or entity that, on or after February 8, 1996, became a successor or assign of a member described in 47 U.S.C.S. ? 251(B)(i) (1998)1998-01-01. 47 U.S.C.S. ? 251(h)(1) (1998)1998-01-01.

Communications Law	The Federal Cable Communications Policy Act of 1984, 47 U.S.C.S. ? 521 et seq., does not include charges that are incidental to the awarding or enforcing of the franchise.  47 U.S.C.S. ? 542(g)(2)(D) (1991)1991-01-01.

Communications Law	The Telecommunications Act of 1996, 47 U.S.C.S. 151, does not utilize the "basic/enhanced" terminology of the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Rather, it uses the terms "telecommunications services" and "information services." The FCC has concluded that the services that it had previously considered to be enhanced services are information services.

Communications Law	Telegraphic communication means quick and prompt service unless there be some cause preventing it. If there is, it is a duty of defendant, under the provisions of Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 3332, to make it known and the duty may be made the ground for estoppel in an action for delay under Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 3330.

Communications Law	A claim under the Telephone Consumer Protection Act, 47 U.S.C.S. ? 227, for $ 500 in liquidated damages per violation is a penalty that cannot be assigned, and (2) a party who asserts by assignment an unassignable claim for a penalty lacks standing to assert that claim.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Mont. Rev. Code Ann. ? 92-204 (Smith 1947), provides: Where both the employer and employee have elected to come under this Workmen's Compensation Act, the provisions of this Act shall be exclusive, and such election shall be held to be a surrender by such employer and the servants, and employees of such employer and of such employee, as among themselves, of their right to any other method, form or kind of compensation, or determination thereof, or to any other compensation, or kind of determination thereof, or cause of action, action at law, suit in equity, or statutory or common law right or remedy, or proceeding whatever, for or on account of any personal injury to or death of such employee. This portion of ? 92-204 limits the general contractor's liability exclusively to compensation provided by the Act.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	In order to prevail under the "intentional act" loophole in the Louisiana Workers Compensation Act, an employee must show that the employer's failure to take action to insure the employee's safety was an intentional action which was "substantially certain" to result in injury to the employee. "Substantially certain" means "nearly inevitable," "virtually sure," and "incapable of failing."

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Medical testimony alone is not determinative of the type of disability award to be given to a claimant. Although medical testimony can be used as a guideline for evaluating the extent of a disability, that determination is for the Colorado Industrial Commission to make.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Okla. Stat. tit. 85, ? 44 (1971) provides a definition of a third-party tortfeasor, which is couched in negative terms as "another not in the same employ". It provides in part that if a workman entitled to compensation under the Workmen's Compensation Act (Act) be injured by the negligence or wrong of another not in the same employ, such injured workman shall, before any suit or claim under the Act, elect whether to take compensation under the Act, or to pursue his remedy against such other.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	An apportionment decision can, of necessity, be based on no predetermined and precise formulas, but must be determined based upon the facts of each case. Factors to be taken into consideration in reaching an apportionment decision include, but are not limited to, the nature and severity of the initial injury, the employee's physical symptoms following the initial injury and up to the occurrence of the second injury, and the nature and severity of the second injury. The period of time between the injuries is but one factor for the commission to consider in reaching its determination.

Labor & Employment Law	In the case of employment requiring numbers of workers to act in concert, it is the duty of the employer to provide a sufficient force to enable his employee to accomplish the work assigned to them with reasonable safety to themselves, and, if an injury results to an employee by reason of insufficiency in the number of his co-workers, he is entitled to maintain an action against the employer. This rule is merely an extension of the fundamental doctrine requiring the employer to provide his employees with safe instrumentalities and a safe place to work. In order for the employee to recover, it must appear that the employer did not use reasonable care and prudence in furnishing the number of employees actually necessary for doing the work safely.

Family Law	Where only a non-monetary issue is contested the proper focus in determining an attorney's fee must be on the monetary award effected by the holding of that issue. There must be some monetary amount applicable to the 30 percent calculation enumerated in Del. Code Ann. tit. 19, ? 2127.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Under Or. Admin. R. 436-035-0007(7), physicians are to determine impairment using the American Medical Association's Guides to Evaluation of Permanent Impairment.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	In the context of worker's compensation, personal risks that fall into the category of risks personal to a claimant involve a pre-existing illness or condition that makes the injury idiopathic to the employee.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 287.120.1 (Cum. Supp. 1992) requires that an accident, to be compensable under the Workers' Compensation Law, arise out of and in the course of the worker's employment. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 287.020.5 (1986) further provides: Without otherwise affecting either the meaning or interpretation of the abridged clause, "personal injuries arising out of and in the course of such employment", it is hereby declared not to cover workers except while engaged in or about the premises where their duties are being performed, or where their services require their presence as a part of such service.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Disability is loss of earning power. Where a claimant is totally disabled already when he or she suffers another injury there is no loss of earning power at that time.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Findings of fact by an administrative law judge (ALJ) are binding upon the Industrial Claim Appeals Office if they are supported by substantial evidence. Conversely, if the ALJ's findings of fact are not supported by substantial evidence, or if the ALJ's orders are not supported by the findings of fact or applicable law, then they are not binding upon the Industrial Claim Appeals Office and may be corrected or set aside. Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 8-53-111 (1988 Cum. Supp.).

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	The entire workers' compensation system of law is statutory. The courts are not at liberty to provide benefits other than those provided in the Workers' Compensation Act.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Mo. Ann. Stat. ? 287.530(1) specifies four separate grounds, any one of which, if shown to exist, authorizes the Missouri Industrial Commission to order commutation.

Evidence	Under the provisions of ? 1441 of the Code (Iowa), the industrial commissioner is not bound by common-law or statutory rules of evidence, or by technical or formal rules of procedure. The provisions of ? 1441 authorize the industrial commissioner to consider hearsay evidence and ex parte affidavits.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	A compensation claim need not actually be filed so long as the employee suffered a work-related injury and was attempting to file a claim. Thus, an employer can still violate W. Va. Code ? 23-5A-1 of the Workers' Compensation Act, W. Va. Code ? 23-1-1 et seq., by firing the employee before his claim is filed.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 287.240(2) (1975 Supp.) states in part: The employer shall also pay to the total dependents of the employee a death benefit on the basis of 66 and 2/3 percent of the employee's average weekly earnings during the year immediately preceding the injury as provided in ? 287.250. Compensation shall be payable in installments in the same manner that compensation is required to be paid under this chapter, but in no case be less than at the rate of 16 dollars per week nor more than 95 dollars per week or as provided in section ? 287.160 (1975 Supp.).

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Iowa Code ? 1453(4) provides that the order of the industrial commissioner may be reversed, modified, or set aside if there is not sufficient competent evidence in the record to warrant the making of an order or decision.

Torts	The Supreme Court of Rhode Island has not yet been called upon to determine under what circumstances the risk of random assault by a stranger is an actual risk of employment. However, courts of other jurisdictions and legal scholars have explored this issue extensively. "Neutral assaults" are defined to mean those assaults which are in essence equivalent to blind or irrational forces, such as attacks by lunatics, drunks, small children, and other irresponsibles; completely unexplained assaults; and assaults by mistake. A minority of jurisdictions treat such assaults as noncompensable for want of affirmative proof of distinctive employment risk as the cause of the harm, but a growing number of jurisdictions have begun to treat injuries from random assaults as compensable under a positional-risk standard.

Real Property Law	The decision of a prize court having jurisdiction is final and binding so far as the res is concerned; the decision of the court, as to that, is undoubtedly final, and vests good title in the purchaser at the sale; not so as to the diplomatic claim, for that claim has its very foundation in the judicial decision, and its validity depends upon the justice of the court's proceedings and conclusion.

Torts	If a negligent act creates a condition which exists for a period of time or if there is a series of similar negligent acts which create an unsafe condition, and such condition causes an injury, the ship is thereby rendered unseaworthy. However, if there is but one negligent act and that causes an injury close in point of time to the negligent act, the ship is not thereby rendered unseaworthy.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	It is not necessary that the ship should be exposed to greater danger than she otherwise would have been to make a case of general average. It is sufficient if a certain loss is incurred for the common benefit.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	The liability of a shipowner to a seaman for injuries resulting from unseaworthiness does not depend upon negligence. It is absolute.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Granted that a temporary condition may be such as to render a ship unseaworthy, it does not follow that every temporary and minor defect renders a ship unseaworthy.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	It is a master's duty to land freight at the port of destination, and, if consignees refuse to receive it, to place it in the hands of a trustworthy person for the security of his lien for freight, and subject thereto for the benefit and account of the owners. No right, even under such circumstances, can exist on the part of the master to sell the cargo unless it is perishable and might otherwise be lost or perish. If there is no warehouse or no responsible or trustworthy person at the place of consignment, the carrier is not authorized to leave them on the shore exposed to injuries by the weather or by depredations. In such an event, he is thrown upon the rule of taking such course as will secure his freight, and at the same time advance, as far as ordinary prudence can foresee, the interest of the shipper; and it is quite manifest that if the master lands the goods at the nearest or most convenient port above or below the point of consignment, where warehouses and responsible agents may be found, and apprizes the owners of what has been done, he has discharged his duty, and will not be held responsible for losses, if any. This is the law, where the transportation cost enters largely into the goods' value at the place of destination, and where, as a matter of course, the property is more valuable to the owner at that place than at the place from which they are shipped.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Under admiralty law, where the parties have included a choice of law clause, the state's law will govern unless the state has no substantial relationship to the parties or the transaction or the state's law conflicts with the fundamental purposes of maritime law.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	The law imposes upon the shipowner the absolute and nondelegable duty of furnishing a seaworthy ship and reasonably safe equipment and appliances, and, if a seaman suffers injury through the failure of the owner to perform such duty, the owner is liable to him in damages.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	A provision in a charter-party that the master of the vessel employed by the owner shall be under the directions of the charterer, who may direct where cargo shall be taken and discharged, does not make the charterer liable for the negligence of the officers and crew in the management of the vessel.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	In a case under the Jones Act, 46 U.S.C.S. ? 688, the determination of seaman status is a mixed question of law and fact.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	A number of cases indicate that the proper repair and maintenance of vessels falls within the panoply of "traditional maritime activities."

Admiralty & Maritime Law	46 U.S.C.S. ? 688 authorizes recovery of damages for personal injuries received by a seaman in the course of his employment.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Indefinitely moored casinos that were registered with and inspected by the Coast Guard are not vessels in navigation under the Jones Act. The mere fact of the Coast Guard's exercise of authority over a boat does not mandate a finding that the boat falls within Jones Act jurisdiction.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	To determine whether the activity of the alleged tortfeasors at issue bears a substantial relationship to traditional maritime activity, a court must first define the relevant activity in the case before it. The Supreme Court has made clear that the relevant activity is defined not by the particular circumstances of the incident, but by the general conduct from which the incident arose. The Court asks whether a tortfeasor's activity, commercial or noncommercial, on navigable waters is so closely related to activity traditionally subject to admiralty law that the reasons for applying special admiralty rules would apply in the suit at hand. The navigation of boats in navigable waters clearly falls within the substantial relationship and storing them at a marina on navigable waters is close enough, whereas in flying an airplane over the water, the relationship is too attenuated.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Under the Longshore and Harbor Workers' Compensation Act (LHWCA), 33 U.S.C.S. ? 901 et seq., an employee retains the right to sue third parties. Although the LHWCA does not explicitly adopt the borrowed servant doctrine, the word "employer" in 33 U.S.C.S. ? 905(a) encompasses both general employers and employers who "borrow" a servant from that general employer.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	While the United States Constitution grants to federal district courts jurisdiction in all "cases of admiralty and maritime jurisdiction," that state courts have concurrent jurisdiction by virtue of the "savings to suitors" clause of the Judiciary Act of 1789. While a state may not deprive a person of substantial maritime rights, there are occasions when a state may supplement those rights. Indeed, a state is allowed "wide scope" in this regard.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Generally, federal maritime jurisdiction is invoked whenever an accident occurs on the high seas and in furtherance of an activity bearing a significant relationship to a traditional maritime activity. Although a helicopter is not a "traditional maritime conveyance," when it is used to ferry passengers from an island to the shore or vice versa it is engaged in a function traditionally performed by waterborne vessels.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	The mode in which any one claiming an interest, in a ship or other thing, which is the subject of a proceeding in rem, may make himself a party defendant to the suit, according to the course of the admiralty practice, is very distinctly laid down in the books. The first step is the interposition of a claim for the property libelled. The claimant is an actor and is entitled to come before the court, in that character only, in virtue of his proprietary interest in the thing in controversy; this alone gives him a persona standi injudicio. It is necessary that he should establish his right to that character, as a preliminary to his admission as a party, ad litem, capable of sustaining the litigation.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	Where an agreement is that more than legal interest should be paid, a bottomry of that sort cannot be supported, unless the money is put at risk; or, to speak the language of the books, to such a bottomry a risk is essential. Its being called a bottomry by the parties is of no consequence; their calling it so cannot alter the nature of the thing. is the consideration of the risk alone, which makes it lawful to take marine interest. It is of the essence of a contract of bottomry, that the lender run the risk of the voyage, and that both principal and interest be at hazard. The contract of bottomry must be in writing, and must specify the sum lent with the stipulated marine interest, and the voyage proposed, with the duration of the risk which the lender is to run.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	If two vessels are approaching each other, both having the wind free, they must each pass to the right, the duty of porting the helm is imposed upon both, because both have the power of readily controlling their movements. As the reason of the law is the life of the law, it necessarily follows that the like obligation rests upon steamboats, because they possess entire control over their movements. They are therefore required to do whatever sailing vessels going free, or with a fair wind, would be required to do under similar circumstances.

Civil Procedure	The act of 1824 (Alabama) contemplates that a trial of all issues shall be had before a jury, at the instance of either party, and on such trial, as in all other cases of jury trials, the evidence in the cause would be submitted to it, independent of the oaths of the parties.

Education Law	By the act of 1824 (Mississippi), the resident heads of families in each township, being legal voters for members of the legislature, are authorized to elect five trustees, whose duties in reference to the school section are defined; but not until 1833 have the trustees power to make long leases. By an act of that year, they are authorized to lease out the school section for ninety-nine years. And it is made their duty to do so, when thereto requested by a majority of the resident heads of families in the township, minors not excepted.

Education Law	Section 108 of the School Code (Act of May 18, 1911, P.L. 309) provides that all existing independent districts shall be abolished from and after the beginning of the school year fixed by the act.

Education Law	What the law requires to be done in order to confer authority on the board of directors for the school district to issue bonds must be shown to have been done by evidence other than recitals on the face of the bonds, and if the law requires a record of the facts to be kept, the record is the best evidence of the facts and, primarily, none other is admissible. The authority to borrow the money and issue the bonds is devolved on the board of directors, but before they may exercise the authority they have to order an election to ascertain the will of the voters. The board of directors is the organization through which the whole machinery of the law was to operate. The board is required by law to keep a record of its proceedings. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 7042 (1879).

Education Law	The requirement as to notice of a meeting to vote on the issuance of bonds for educational purposed is the general provision for notice of special meetings that a clerk shall call a special meeting of the district upon 10 days' posted notice and one week's published notice and shall specify in such notice the business named in resolution and the time and place of meeting. Minn. Gen. Stat. ? 2711 (1913).

Education Law	The power to form joint school districts is set forth in ?? 1801, 1802, 1805 and 1807 of the School Code of May 18, 1911, Pennsylvania, P.L. 309 (amended 1929).

Constitutional Law	Neb. Const. art. XVII, ? 6 provides that the legislature shall pass all laws necessary to carry into effect the provisions of this constitution.

Education Law	The purpose of the warning, which is required under Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 168.116 (1970), is to give the teacher an opportunity to know exactly what the complaints are against her and to afford her a chance to cure the situation. General principles of law do not tolerate the maintenance of proceedings to terminate a teacher upon uninformative allegations.

Education Law	Once a superintendent has given a demonstrable reason for non-reemployment, the burden at the hearing is upon the employee to prove affirmatively and conclusively that the reasons relied upon by the school board have no basis in fact.

Administrative Law	While administrative agencies generally may interpret statutes, as well as rule upon other legal issues, and while an agency's interpretation of a statute which it administers is entitled to weight, the paramount role of the State Board of Education in interpreting the public education law sets it apart from most administrative agencies.

Education Law	Mo. Ann. Stat. ? 165.687 provides that the directors whose election is provided for in enlarged or "reorganized" districts shall be governed by the laws applicable to six-director school districts.

Education Law	Section 1 of the Pa. Act of June 6, 1893, P.L. 330, provides that whenever the school directors of any district shall wilfully neglect or refuse to provide suitable school buildings and rooms for the accommodation of all the children of the district then 10 or more taxable citizens of the district may petition the court of common pleas for the appointment of a competent inspector, whose duty it shall be to visit the district, and on notice to the school board inquire into the facts and report to the court under oath the result of his inquiry, accompanied by statement of facts and proofs.

Education Law	According to the Idaho Code Ann. ?? 33-201, 33-512(4), it is the school district's duty to protect the health and morals of all students, ranging from ages five to 21, within its supervision.

Education Law	West Virginia Acts 1915, ch. 85 authorizes boards of education, among other fiscal tribunals, to provide for overdrawn orders of certain years, by special debt levies, not exceeding 20 cents on the $ 100.00, for as many years as may be necessary to pay off such debt and the interest that may accrue thereon.

Education Law	The power of determining when a school shall be discontinued must necessarily be lodged in some officer, and his decision must be final, unless bad faith is shown.

Education Law	The general assembly has authorized the Tennessee Board of Regents to promulgate a tenure policy for faculty within the state university and college system. Tenn. Code Ann. ? 49-8-301(a) (2002). The board is also charged with the responsibility of providing for the termination of faculty with tenure by institutions for adequate cause. ? 49-8-301(b)(3). Among other proper grounds, "adequate cause" is defined as falsification of qualifications, incompetence or dishonesty, the willful failure to perform duties or assignments, conviction of a felony, excessive use of drugs or alcohol, or, the capricious disregard of accepted standards of professional conduct. Tenn. Code Ann. ? 49-8-302 (2002).

Administrative Law	A school board is bound by the findings of evidentiary fact made by the hearing panel if those findings are adequately supported in the record of the panel's proceedings. A board may not usurp the panel's exclusive authority to find evidentiary facts by basing its conclusions of ultimate fact in whole or in part on "raw" evidence gleaned from its review of the hearing transcript. Moreover, a board's ultimate findings must be fully warranted by the basic facts embodied in the panel's formal, written statement of its findings.

Education Law	The object of public schools, as established by state laws, is to secure education to the children of the State. The intention of the law is, not that the children shall, at certain times or on certain days, be simply gathered together, but that, when assembled, they shall be instructed. Their progress in learning is the grand object of the law. It intends that the school shall be so conducted that the children shall acquire the greatest benefits by making the most rapid advances in the acquisition of knowledge and mental discipline. Any rule of the school, not subversive of the rights of the children or parents, or in conflict with humanity and the precepts of divine law, which tends to advance the object of the law in establishing public schools, must be considered reasonable and proper.

Education Law	A binding contract with the officers of a school board district can be made only when they are in session. Notwithstanding this rule, a district may be required to pay the value of material received by it when it has knowingly permitted it to be furnished and has received and used the same and enjoyed its benefits.

Education Law	The legislature shall make laws for the establishment and maintenance of systems of public schools which shall be open to all the children of the state and free from sectarian control. Wyo. Const. art. XXI, ? 28.

Education Law	The procedure in Minn. Stat. ? 125.12, subd. 6 (1980) provides for discharge at the end of the school year if the teacher has failed to correct the deficiency after being given written notice of the specific items of complaint and reasonable time within which to remedy them. Minn. Stat. ? 125.12, subd. 8 (1980) lists the more serious grounds for immediate discharge.

Education Law	R.I. Gen. Laws ? 16-2-18 vests the entire care, control, and management of all the public school interests in the school committee. Under this statute, all management decisions are vested exclusively in the school committee. In addition, that statute provides that the selection and appointment of teachers and other school department personnel shall be made by the superintendent with the consent of the school committee. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 16-2-18. It thus grants the superintendent authority over the selection and appointment of teachers and other school department personnel.

Education Law	R.I. Const. art. XII, ? 1 states that the diffusion of knowledge, as well as of virtue, among the people, being essential to the preservation of their rights and liberties, it shall be the duty of the general assembly to promote public schools, and to adopt all means which they may deem necessary and proper to secure to the people the advantages and opportunities of education.

Evidence	As a general rule, a party vouches for the credibility of the evidence and witnesses he presents, and such evidence, if adverse, is binding on him unless contradicted by other evidence.

Evidence	Tennessee Rules of Evidence state that the credibility of a witness may be attacked by any party. Tenn. R. Evid. 607. Thus, a prior inconsistent statement may be used to impeach the credibility of a witness who denies having made the prior statement. Additionally, Tenn. R. Evid. 613 governs the use of extrinsic evidence of a prior inconsistent statement of a witness, and mandates that such extrinsic evidence is inadmissible until (1) the witness is asked whether he or she made the prior inconsistent statement; and (2) the witness denies having made the prior inconsistent statement.

Evidence	Pa. R. Evid. 701 contemplates admission of lay opinions rationally based on personal knowledge that are helpful to the trier of fact.

Evidence	The facts or data in the particular case upon which an expert bases an opinion or inference may be those perceived by or made known to him at or before the hearing. If of a type reasonably relied upon by an expert in the particular field in forming opinions or inferences upon the subject, the facts or data need not be admissible in evidence. Neb. Rev. Stat. ? 27-703 (1995). However, even if an expert opinion falls under ? 27-703, the judge must first assess the trustworthiness of what the expert relied on. If the foundation is suspect, the expert's opinion should be barred.

Evidence	Fingerprint evidence must be coupled with evidence of other circumstances tending to reasonably exclude the hypothesis that the print was impressed at a time other than that of the crime. Such other circumstances need not be those completely independent of the fingerprint, and may properly include circumstances such as the location of the print, the character of the place or premises where it was found, and the accessibility of the general public to the object on which the print was impressed. A latent fingerprint found at the scene of the crime, shown to be that of an accused, tends to show that he was at the scene of the crime. The attendant circumstances with respect to the print may show that he was at the scene of the crime at the time it was committed. If they do so show, it is a rational inference, consistent with the rule of law both as to fingerprints and circumstantial evidence, that the accused was the criminal agent.

Evidence	In establishing a chain of custody, it is not necessary to negate the possibility that there was an opportunity for tampering with an exhibit nor to trace the exhibit's custody by calling each custodian as a witness.

Evidence	It is sufficient in a civil case depending on circumstantial evidence for the party having the burden of proof to make out the more probable hypothesis and the evidence need not arise to that degree of certainty which will exclude every other reasonable conclusion.

Evidence	Evidence that a person committed a past act similar to the one charged is usually probative of their likelihood to have committed the charged act.

Evidence	Where a photograph is shown to be a faithful reproduction of whatever it purports to reproduce, it is admissible in evidence, as an appropriate aid to the jury in applying the evidence and this is equally true whether it relates to persons, things, or places.

Evidence	Where a party desires to prove an essential part of his case by calling his adversary as a witness, he is bound by the adversary's testimony to the extent that he does not offer contrary evidence.

Evidence	It is a familiar elementary principle, that silence, when the accused is under no restraint and at full liberty to speak, may sometimes be regarded as a tacit admission. At all events all such matters are proper for the consideration of the jury.

Torts	As defined, refined, and distilled, the rule relevant to actions in tort is that a litigant whose testimony, considered as a whole, conclusively absolves an alleged tortfeasor of actionable negligence forfeits the cause of action against him.

Evidence	Under the hearsay exception for admissions by a party opponent, a party is free to introduce anything in the nature of an admission an opposing party has said or done which is relevant to the case.

Evidence	Fed. R. Evid. 803(1) defines "present sense impression" as a statement describing or explaining an event or condition made while a declarant is perceiving the event or condition or immediately thereafter. Thus, the declaration must be contemporaneous with the event.

Evidence	The liberal goals of the rules for assessing the reliability and admissibility of expert testimony include reducing the traditional barriers to opinion testimony. However, trial courts retain authority to review scientific evidence to determine admissibility: the authorities are clear that it is the trial court that is vested with the gatekeeping responsibility.

Evidence	Evidence of a prior defendant's settlement with a plaintiff is generally inadmissible unless a witness has changed his or her testimony.

Evidence	Evidence which amounts to mere guesswork should not be admitted. Whether a police officer has sufficient background of learning and of experience, and also whether he takes into account the factors necessary to make an estimate of speed of sufficient accuracy that the trial court believes that it will be of assistance to the jury, is primarily for the trial court to determine. If in his judgment the evidence will be of such assistance, frailties therein which may be evident from his testimony or from cross-examination go to the weight of his testimony, rather than to its admissibility. The determination made by the trial court should be given some credit and should not be overturned unless it is made clearly to appear that he was in error in his judgment and that it resulted in substantial prejudice.

Evidence	Where circumstantial evidence alone is relied upon for a conviction such evidence must be incompatible with the innocence of the accused upon any rational theory and incapable of explanation upon any reasonable hypothesis of the defendant's innocence.

Evidence	The record of conviction or acquittal in another case to which the accused was not a party is not ordinarily admissible to establish facts involved in such conviction or acquittal.

Evidence	Hearsay is a statement, other than one made by the declarant while testifying at trial, offered in evidence to prove the truth of the matter asserted. Ind. R. Evid. 801(c). When the admissibility of an out-of-court statement received by a police officer during the course of an investigation is challenged as hearsay, the court must first determine whether the testimony describes an out-of-court statement asserting a fact susceptible of being true or false. If so, the court must then consider the evidentiary purpose for the proffered statement. If the evidentiary purpose is to prove the fact asserted, the statement is inadmissible as hearsay. If the statement is offered for a purpose other than to prove the truth of the matter asserted, the court should consider whether the fact to be proved is relevant to some issue in the case and whether the danger of unfair prejudice that may result from its admission outweighs its probative value.

Evidence	Since the opinion of a non-expert is no stronger than the facts on which it is based there can be no prejudice in excluding an opinion based on facts which do not support it.

Evidence	Facts of prior arrests or rumors of defendant's misconduct may be introduced in good faith to test the credibility of defendant's character witnesses. When defendant puts his character in issue he exposes himself to evidence offered to rebut his evidence of good character. It does not matter what form the question takes once defendant puts his character at issue. Because defendant "opens the door" to his reputation he subjects himself to any ensuing disaster.

Evidence	Colo. R. Evid. 702 governs the admissibility of scientific expert testimony and requires that the testimony be reliable and relevant. A trial court determines whether the testimony is reliable and relevant by considering whether: (1) the scientific principles underlying the testimony are reasonably reliable; (2) the expert is qualified to opine on such matters; (3) the expert testimony will be helpful to the jury; and (4) the evidence satisfies Colo. R. Evid. 403.

Legal Ethics	Iowa Rule of Professional Conduct 32:8.4(d) provides that it is professional misconduct for a lawyer to engage in conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice. Conduct violates this rule if it impedes the efficient and proper operation of the courts or of ancillary systems upon which the courts rely. A lawyer violates this ethical rule by engaging in misconduct that impedes the efficient operation of the courts and wastes judicial resources.

Legal Ethics	The New Jersey standard for determining whether an attorney's mental condition warranted mitigation of sanction, referred to as the Jacob standard, requires an attorney to demonstrate by competent medical proofs that he or she suffered a loss of competency, comprehension or will of a magnitude that could excuse egregious misconduct that was clearly knowing, volitional, and purposeful.

Legal Ethics	Mo. Sup. Ct. R. 4-3.3(a)(3) (2002) requires that a lawyer shall not knowingly fail to disclose to the tribunal legal authority in the controlling jurisdiction known to the lawyers to be directly adverse to the position of the client and not disclosed by opposing counsel.

Legal Ethics	N.M. Rules Governing Discipline 17-301(B) states that the New Mexico Rules of Civil Procedure shall be used in formal disciplinary proceedings except where clearly inapplicable to disciplinary proceedings or inconsistent with or otherwise provided for by the New Mexico Rules Governing Discipline.

Legal Ethics	D.C. Bar. R. XI ? 14 (f), reads as follows: within 10 days after the effective date of an order of disbarment or suspension, the disbarred or suspended attorney shall file with the court and the Board on Professional Responsibility (Board) an affidavit: (1) demonstrating with particularity, and with supporting proof, that the attorney has fully complied with the provisions of the order and with this rule; (2) listing all other state and federal jurisdictions and administrative agencies to which the attorney is admitted to practice; and (3) certifying that a copy of the affidavit has been served on Bar Counsel. The affidavit shall also state the residence or other address of the attorney to which communications may thereafter be directed. The Board may require such additional proof as it deems necessary. In addition, for five years following the effective date of a disbarment or suspension order, a disbarred or suspended attorney shall continue to file a registration statement in accordance with Rule II, stating the residence or other address to which communications may thereafter be directed, so that the attorney may be located if a complaint is made about any conduct of the attorney occurring before the disbarment or suspension.

Legal Ethics	There are numerous references in the Rules of Professional Conduct to circumstances in which a lawyer may represent a client and be paid by a third party.

Legal Ethics	D.C. Ct. App. R. 46(c)(3)(i) permits an attorney who has been a member in good standing of the bar of another jurisdiction for at least five years to be admitted without examination.

Legal Ethics	Under S.C. App. Ct. R. 413:7(a)(3), it shall be a ground for discipline for a lawyer to fail to respond to a lawful demand from a disciplinary authority including a request for a response.

Legal Ethics	A lawyer may not represent adverse parties with conflicting interests except by express consent of all concerned, given after a full disclosure of the facts. Neb. Canons of Prof. Ethics Canon 6.

Legal Ethics	ABA Stand. Imposing Law. Sanctions 4.42(a), (b) provide that suspension is generally appropriate when: (1) a lawyer knowingly fails to perform services for a client and causes injury or potential injury to a client; or (2) a lawyer engages in a pattern of neglect and causes injury or potential injury to a client.

Legal Ethics	Ind. R. Prof. Conduct 8.4(b) provides that it is professional misconduct for a lawyer to commit a criminal act that reflects adversely on the lawyer's honesty, trustworthiness, or fitness as a lawyer in other respects.

Legal Ethics	Wis. Sup. Ct. R. 22.03(6) provides that in the course of an investigation, an attorney's wilful failure to provide relevant information, to answer questions fully, or to furnish documents and the attorney's misrepresentation in a disclosure are misconduct, regardless of the merits of the matters asserted in the grievance.

Legal Ethics	Misappropriation of entrusted funds is an act infected with deceit and dishonesty, and, in the absence of compelling extenuating circumstances justifying a lesser sanction, will result in disbarment. Such a sanction is warranted because attorneys must remember that the entrustment to them of the money and property of others involves a responsibility of the highest order. They must carefully administer and account for those funds. Appropriating any part of those funds to their own use and benefit without clear authority to do so cannot be tolerated.

Legal Ethics	A judgment in a disciplinary proceeding must be just to the public and must be designed to correct any antisocial tendency on the part of the attorney, as well as to deter others who might tend to engage in like violations; it must be fair to the attorney, but the duty of the court to society is paramount.

Legal Ethics	An application for reinstatement of an attorney, after the judgment of disbarment has become final, must be treated as an application for admission to the practice.

Transportation Law	Willful misconduct in office has been found in a judge's attempt to intimidate and interfere with law enforcement officers during a traffic stop.

Legal Ethics	Disbarment, a most serious sanction, is normally reserved for cases of misappropriation and other instances when an attorney's conduct poses a continuing danger to the public. Disbarment is generally appropriate when a lawyer, with the intent to deceive the court, makes a false statement, submits a false document, or improperly withholds material information, and causes serious or potentially serious injury to a party, or causes a significant or potentially significant adverse effect on the legal proceeding.

Legal Ethics	In an attorney disciplinary proceeding, when no exceptions are filed, the Nebraska Supreme Court may consider a referee's findings final and conclusive.

Legal Ethics	Colo. Code Prof. Resp. DR 7-101(A)(3) provides that a lawyer shall not intentionally prejudice or damage his client during the course of the professional relationship.

Legal Ethics	Pa. R. D. E. 215 permits an attorney who is the subject of an investigation into allegations of misconduct to submit his resignation as an attorney, provided that, inter alia, he acknowledges that the material facts upon which the complaint is predicated are true and he agrees that an order of disbarment by consent may be entered. Pa. R. D. E. 215.

Legal Ethics	The appropriate discipline in a particular case turns on the nature of the alleged violations, the need for deterrence, protection of the public, maintenance of the reputation of the bar as a whole, and the respondent's fitness to continue in the practice of law. The Iowa Supreme Court also considers both aggravating and mitigating circumstances.

Legal Ethics	Del. Law. R. Prof. Conduct 1.7 relates to conflicts of interest and provides that a lawyer shall not represent a client if the representation involves a conflict of interest, including a personal interest of the lawyer.

Legal Ethics	S.C. App. Ct. R. 407:1.4 provides that a lawyer shall explain matters to the extent reasonably necessary to permit a client to make informed decisions regarding representation.

Trademark Law	In all cases where rights to exclusive use of a trade-mark are invaded, it is invariably held that the essence of the wrong consists in the sale of goods of one manufacturer or vendor as those of another; and that it is only when this false representation is directly or indirectly made that the party who appealed to a court of equity can have relief. This is the doctrine of all the authorities. Hence, the trade-mark must either by itself, or by association, point distinctively to the origin or ownership of the article to which it is applied. The reason of this is that unless it does, neither can he, who first adopted it be injured by any appropriation or imitation of it by others, nor can the public be deceived.

Civil Procedure	The Nevada Supreme Court does not conclude that summary judgment is never appropriate in common law tradename actions where likelihood of confusion is an issue. One could conceive of situations where, even viewing the evidence in a light most favorable to the non-moving party, the facts are so black and white that a full trial would be unnecessary.

Trademark Law	An injunction would lie at the instance of one corporation against another for using its name, for the reason that that name might be used for and stand as a part of a trademark.

Healthcare Law	Section 503 of the District of Columbia Ambulatory Surgical Treatment Center Licensure Act (Act), D.C. Reg. Tit. 24, ? 6836, provides that any person violating any provision of these guidelines shall be fined not more than $ 300 or imprisoned for not more than 90 days.

Healthcare Law	Or. Admin. R. 436-10-060(3)(c) provides that a consultation or referral itself does not necessarily require a change of attending physicians. A current attending physician, for example, may refer the claimant to another for a consultation or for specialized treatment, and the medical services provided by the consulting physician or treating specialist will continue to be covered as long as they are authorized by the attending physician. Or. Admin. R. 436-10-040(3)(a). Referral, in other words, does not necessarily require a change of attending physicians, and the fact that a current attending physician has requested a consultation with, or authorized treatment by, another physician by itself does not mean that the claimant must change to another attending physician.

Healthcare Law	No person shall recover upon a claim to enforce an agreement for the practice of medicine unless the practitioner himself who performed the services was qualified and duly licensed at the time.

Healthcare Law	The Court of Appeals of Minnesota has affirmed the Minnesota Board of Medical Practice's discipline of a doctor who prescribed addicting drugs to a patient with a history of chemical dependency.

Healthcare Law	The Tennessee Peer Review Law, Tenn. Code Ann. ? 63-6-219, not only provides immunity for actions taken in good faith by peer review groups, it imposes extremely stringent safeguards in limiting discovery and in requiring physicians to overcome a strong presumption of good faith on the part of review groups.

Healthcare Law	Except in very extreme cases, a surgeon has no legal right to operate upon a patient without his consent, nor upon a child without the consent of its parent or guardian.

Healthcare Law	The furnishing of information or provision of opinions to any health care organization or the receiving and use of such information and opinions shall not subject any health care organization or other person to any liability or action for money damages or other legal or equitable relief. The information furnished and opinions provided are to be used by the health care organization in conducting peer review, which includes credentialing, privileging or affiliating of health care providers as members of, or providers for, a health care organization. Idaho Code Ann. ? 39-1392a(11)(a).

Healthcare Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 334.100.2(5) (2000) proscribes any conduct or practice which is or might be harmful or dangerous to the mental or physical health of a patient or the public.

Healthcare Law	The designation of licensed independent clinical social worker, the most advanced of the four social worker licenses, requires at least 3,000 hours of post-master or postdoctoral experience participating in the diagnosis and treatment of individuals, families, and groups with psychosocial problems, which may include up to 1,500 hours of work supervised by a licensed psychiatrist or psychologist. D.C. Code ? 3-1208.04 (2007).

Public Health & Welfare Law	An appropriate transfer to a medical facility is defined by the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act, 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1395dd et seq., in part as a transfer (D) in which the transfer is effected through qualified personnel and transportation equipment, as required including the use of necessary and medically appropriate life support measures during the transfer; and (E) which meets such other requirements as the Secretary may find necessary in the interest of the health and safety of individuals transferred. 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1395dd(2).

Healthcare Law	Once an attending physician is notified of a written advance directive the physician must make the advance directive, or a copy of it, a part of the declarant's medical records. The Health Care Decisions Act, Md. Code Ann., Health-Gen. Art. ? 5-602(f)(2)(i).

Healthcare Law	No person may practice optometry or advertise or hold himself out as an optometrist without first having obtained from the state board a certificate of registration. Or. Comp. Laws. Ann. ? 54-721. Every applicant for such a certificate must give satisfactory evidence of his good moral character, must be a citizen of the United States, must have had the educational equivalent of a standard high school course, must have graduated from a school of optometry recognized and approved by the board, and must pass an examination in the anatomy of the eye, in subjective and objective optometry including the fitting of glasses, in the principles of lens grinding and frame adjusting, and in such other subjects as pertain to the science and practice of optometry. Or. Comp. Laws. Ann. ? 54-723. The certificate of any registered optometrist may be revoked or suspended by the board for any of the following causes: (1) his conviction of a felony or misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (2) when his certificate was procured by fraud or deceit; (3) unprofessional conduct, or gross ignorance or inefficiency in his profession; (4) house to house solicitation of business or the employment of "cappers" or "steerers". Or. Comp. Laws. Ann. ? 54-731.

Healthcare Law	Wis. Stat. ? 448.30(6) (2005-06) does not require a physician to obtain the patient's informed consent where the patient is incapable of consenting.

Healthcare Law	Because a hospital complied with its bylaw requirements for due process in accord with Miss. Code Ann. ? 73-25-93(1) (Supp. 1989), the chancery court is correct in affirming the action taken by the hospital's appellate review committee revoking a doctor's staff privileges.

Environmental Law	848 Ind. Admin. Code 25-1-9 provides that a nurse who fails to sign a recover monitoring agreement will be subject to discipline under Ind. Code ? 25-1-9.

Healthcare Law	The plain language of Idaho Code Ann. ? 39-1392a(12) makes no requirement that the document have been created during an actual peer review, it simply requires that the document relate to peer review of a health care organization.

Healthcare Law	The duty of the physician to disclose is limited to those disclosures which a reasonable medical practitioner would make under the same or similar circumstances. How the physician may best discharge his obligation to the patient in this difficult situation involves primarily a question of medical judgment. So long as the disclosure is sufficient to assure an informed consent, the physician's choice of plausible courses should not be called into question if it appears, all circumstances considered, that the physician was motivated only by the patient's best therapeutic interests and he proceeded as competent medical men would have done in a similar situation.

Healthcare Law	Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 12-36-116 (2002) of the Medical Practice Act (MPA), Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 12-36-101 et seq. (2002), outlines the bases on which the Colorado State Board of Medical Examiners may deny a license. The stated grounds are that the applicant fails to possess the qualifications required by the MPA, has engaged in unprofessional conduct, has been disciplined in another state regarding a medical license, or has not actively practiced medicine for the two years next preceding the submission of an application for a license. The absence of interpersonal problems is not one of the qualifications specifically required by the MPA. However, it does not follow that such problems may not be considered for any purpose.  Colo. Rev. Stat. ? 12-36-107.6 (2002) states that the factors the board should consider when assessing the qualifications of a foreign graduate shall include information about the school and postgraduate training. This indicates that certain additional information may be considered by the board when exercising its discretion, so long as it is relevant to a determination of whether the applicant's qualifications are equivalent to a degree from an approved school pursuant to ? 12-36-107.6 or, pursuant to ? 12-36-117, whether the applicant has engaged in unprofessional conduct.

Legal Ethics	Nev. Rev. Stat. ? 630.339(2) (1985) provides that the board, a hearing officer or a panel of its members designated by the board shall hold the formal hearing on the charges at the time and place designated in the notification. If the hearing is before a panel, at least one member of the board who is not a physician must participate in this hearing and in the final recommendation of the panel to the board.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	Earning capacity must be considered in connection with a workman's handicap in obtaining and holding gainful employment in the broad field of general industrial occupations and not just in relationship to his occupation at any given time. A workman's post-injury earnings is evidence which, depending upon the circumstances of an individual case, may be of great, little, or no importance in determining loss of earning capacity. A person whose physical and mental capacities have been impaired not at all by an injury may voluntarily choose to enter an occupation which provides less compensation than his pre-injury occupation. Likewise, a person with almost total physical disability may find a post-injury occupation not involving physical effort which pays him substantially more than his pre-injury occupation yet such a man is severely disabled in terms of ability to obtain and hold gainful employment in the broad field of general industrial occupations.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	If an assault on an employee is committed by another, whether co-employee or stranger, solely to gratify personal ill will, anger, or hatred, the injury done cannot be said to arise out of the employment within the meaning of the Workmen's Compensation Act.

Workers' Compensation & SSDI	U.C.A. ? 35-1-45 (Utah) (1953) provides for compensation for the dependents of every employee who is killed, by accident arising out of or in the course of his employment, wheresoever such injury occurred.

Criminal Law & Procedure	The standard of review of findings of fact in a workers' compensation case is de novo upon the record of the trial court, accompanied by a presumption of correctness of the finding, unless the preponderance of evidence is otherwise. Tenn. Code Ann. ? 50-6-225(e)(2) (2008). When credibility and weight to be given testimony are involved, considerable deference is given the trial court when the trial judge had the opportunity to observe the witness' demeanor and to hear in-court testimony. Questions of law are reviewed de novo with no presumption of correctness.

Constitutional Law	The Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution and Colo. Const. art. II, ? 25 prohibit the deprivation of life, liberty, and property without due process of law.

Constitutional Law	Broad prophylactic rules in the area of free expression are suspect. Precision of regulation must be the touchstone in the free speech area.

Constitutional Law	The due process clauses of the state constitution and of the Fourteenth Amendment require that a trial be conducted according to established procedures with an adequate opportunity to be heard in defense. Miss. Const. art. 3, ? 14 commands that no person shall be deprived of life, liberty, or property except by due process of law.

Constitutional Law	The Alaska Constitution protects free speech. Alaska Const. art. I, ? 5, provides that every person may freely speak, write, and publish on all subjects, being responsible for the abuse of that right.

Constitutional Law	The right to sue and defend in the courts is the alternative of force. In an organized society it is the right conservative of all other rights, and lies at the foundation of orderly government. It is one of the highest and the most essential privileges of citizenship, and must be allowed by each state to the citizens of all other states to the precise extent that it is allowed to its own citizens. Equality of treatment in this respect is not left to depend upon comity between the states, but is granted and protected by the U.S. Constitution.

Constitutional Law	Whether federal law preempts state law is primarily an issue of statutory interpretation, which an appellate court reviews de novo. The Supremacy Clause defines the laws of the United States as the supreme law of the land prevailing over state laws. U.S. Const. art. VI, cl. 2. The U.S. Supreme Court has cautioned, however, that consideration of issues arising under the Supremacy Clause starts with the assumption that the historic police powers of the states are not to be superseded by federal act unless that is the clear and manifest purpose of the United States Congress. Federal preemption of state law is therefore generally disfavored, and preemption of state family law is especially disfavored. State family law cannot be preempted by federal law unless Congress has positively required by direct enactment that state law be pre-empted.

Constitutional Law	Constitutional provisions protect a person from more than once being placed in jeopardy of conviction of a crime. U.S. Const. amends. V, XIV; Tenn. Const. art. I, ? 10.

Constitutional Law	The power of the great body of the people as an organized body politic to amend or revise the constitution of their state is a fundamental principle of the governments of the states of the Union. The power is expressly declared in the constitution of Nevada, Nev. Const. art. I, ? 2.

Constitutional Law	The liberty of contract, like all other civil liberty, is subject to restraint and regulation on behalf of the public welfare, and to speak of a constitutional liberty of contract without careful qualification is a vague and meaningless phrase. The liberty of contract yields readily to any of the acknowledged purposes of the police power, and it differs from fundamental constitutional rights, from the liberty of the body or person, from the right of property (including the obligation of existing contracts), from the right of equality, and from political liberty, in that it is neither a vested right, nor a right of definite extent, nor a right protected by specific constitutional guaranties.

Constitutional Law	Utah courts take a dual approach to analyzing equal protection claims. If a challenged classification involves a suspect class or infringes on a fundamental right, the courts apply a strict scrutiny test and uphold the classification only if it furthers a compelling state interest. However, if the challenged classification does not involve a suspect class or impinge on a fundamental right, courts apply a rational basis test under which the court will uphold the classification as long as it is rationally related to a valid legislative purpose.

Constitutional Law	Under normal circumstances, a claim of a due process violation requires a showing of identifiable prejudice to the accused. Nevertheless, there are certain procedures employed by the states, which involve such a probability of prejudice that they are deemed inherently lacking in due process.

Constitutional Law	If all persons that are in like circumstances or affected alike are treated under the law the same, there is no deprivation of the equal protection of the law.

Constitutional Law	It is indeed fundamental that no man shall be condemned unheard. A judgment purporting to deprive one of right without giving him an opportunity to be heard in resistance to the deprivation of his right cannot avail.

Constitutional Law	Arbitrary selection can never be justified by calling it classification. The equal protection demanded by U.S. Const. amend. XIV forbids this.

Labor & Employment Law	Only in special contexts - notably, in jury selection and in employment discrimination - has the United States Supreme Court accepted somewhat less than extreme statistical inequalities as sufficient prima facie proof without additional evidence of discrimination.

Constitutional Law	Unlike the provisions of the federal Constitution, the constitutional provisions in the Louisiana Constitution are not grants of power but instead are limitations on the otherwise plenary power of the people of a state exercised through its legislature. A court's function in construing a constitutional provision is to ascertain and give effect to the intent of the people who adopted the provision. Before ratification by the voters, a proposed amendment is a mere proposal, without force or effect. The political act that makes a constitutional amendment binding is the vote of the people; it is the understanding that can be reasonably ascribed to that voting population as a whole that controls.

Constitutional Law	The executive branch, no less than the legislative branch, is bound by the commands of the constitution. The judicial power of the State of Illinois is vested in the courts, Ill. Const. art. VI, ? 1, and it is the duty of the judiciary to construe the constitution and determine whether its provisions have been disregarded by either of the other branches of government. If officials of the executive branch have exceeded their lawful authority, the courts have not hesitated and must not hesitate to say so. Where a statute categorically commands the performance of an act, so much money as is necessary to obey the command may be disbursed without any explicit appropriation. If that is so with respect to statutorily mandated action, it is unquestionably so with respect to actions compelled by the constitution. Further, limitations written into the Constitution are restrictions on legislative power and are enforceable by the courts. It is the duty of the judiciary to construe the Constitution and determine whether its provisions have been disregarded by the actions of any of the branches of government. The doctrine of separation of powers does not prevent the court from ascertaining compliance with or mandating performance of constitutional duties.

Governments	Parties have no vested right in particular remedies or modes of procedure, and legislatures may change existing remedies or prescribe new modes of procedure without impairing the obligation of contracts, provided an efficacious remedy remains for its enforcement.

Constitutional Law	The term "the verdict of a jury" as it is used in Wis. Const. art. XI, ? 2 is applicable to any proceeding or action by virtue of which a municipal corporation takes private property for public use.

Constitutional Law	The Fourth Amendment, made applicable to the states through the Fourteenth Amendment, and N.D. Const. art. 1, ? 8 guarantee the right of the people to be secure in their persons, houses, papers, and effects, against unreasonable searches and seizures. However, not all encounters between law enforcement officers and citizens constitute seizures implicating the Fourth Amendment.

Civil Procedure	The general rule is that a judgment is entitled to full faith and credit, even as to questions of jurisdiction, when the second court's inquiry discloses that those questions have been fully and fairly litigated and finally decided in the court which rendered the original judgment.

Constitutional Law	The contention that a defendant is denied by a contract the equal protection of the laws under the Fourteenth Amendment has been settled by decisions of the Supreme Court that the constitutional inhibition is upon the power of the state, and not on the right of individuals to contract with respect to their property.

Evidence	In determining whether the self-incrimination privilege applies, the trial court must evaluate, with respect to each question for which the privilege is claimed, whether the answer to that particular question would subject the witness to a real danger of crimination, as opposed to a mere imaginary possibility of increasing the danger of prosecution. In making that assessment, the witness must not be required to prove the hazard in the sense in which a claim is usually required to be established in court, lest the witness surrender the very protection which the privilege is designed to guarantee. Accordingly, to sustain the privilege, it need only be evident from the implications of the question, in the setting in which it is asked, that a responsive answer to the question or an explanation of why it cannot be answered might be dangerous because injurious disclosure could result. Although the witness claiming the privilege bears the burden of establishing that an answer could be injurious, the court must construe the privilege liberally in favor of the right it was intended to secure. Thus, it must be perfectly clear, from a careful consideration of all the circumstances in the case, that the witness claiming the privilege is mistaken, and that the answers cannot possibly have such tendency to incriminate.

Tax Law	Okla. Stat. tit. 68, ? 878(g) does not authorize the direct taxing of income accruing from out of state sales, nor purport to direct what shall be considered as sales within Oklahoma for the purpose of their direct taxation. Instead, said provision merely prescribes what shall be included in the antecedent term of one of the ratios, or factors, in a formula prescribed for an arbitrary mathematical calculation of what part of the taxpayer's income everywhere shall be considered as Oklahoma income.

Tax Law	Utah Const. art. XIII, ? 3 allows the legislature considerable latitude in the methods or formulae used to determine "market value."

Tax Law	Denver, Colo., Rev. Mun. Code ? 53-101 states that it shall be the duty of every taxpayer hereunder to keep and preserve suitable records of all sales and purchases made by the taxpayer and such other books or accounts as may be necessary to determine the amount of the tax for the collection or payment of which the taxpayer is liable under this article. The Manager may demand that the taxpayer make such records available for inspection and audit.

Tax Law	Or. Const. art. I, ? 32 provides in part: All taxation shall be uniform on the same class of subjects within the territorial limits of the authority levying the tax. Or. Const. art. IX, ? 1, provides in part: The legislative assembly shall provide by law uniform rules of assessment and taxation. All taxes shall be levied and collected under general laws operating uniformly throughout the state.

Tax Law	Under ? 216(b)(1)(D) of the Internal Revenue Code of 19541954-01-01 (26 U.S.C.S. ? 216(b)(1)(D) (1964)1964-01-01), a corporation can gain status as a "cooperative housing corporation" only if at least 80 percent of its gross income, for the taxable year for which the tenant-stockholder claims the real estate and interest deductions, is derived from tenant-stockholders.

Tax Law	When considering the issue of exemption, the applicable statute, Or. Rev. Stat. ? 307.140(1) (2005), allows a review of a taxpayer's use up to and including June 30. The use is not measured by looking to the one day a specialist visits the property. The use is measured from the taxpayer's date of ownership through June 30.

Energy & Utilities Law	N.M. Stat. Ann. ? 63-9-7 states in part: B. The holder of a certificate shall render continuous and adequate service to the public and shall not discontinue, reduce or impair service to a certificated area, or part of a certificated area, except ordinary discontinuance of service for nonpayment of charges, nonuse and similar reasons in the usual course of business, unless and until there shall first have been obtained from the commission a certificate that neither the present nor future public convenience and necessity will be adversely affected thereby; except that the commission may, upon appropriate request being made, authorize temporary or emergency discontinuance, reduction or impairment of service, without regard to the provisions of this section; provided, however, that nothing in this section shall be construed as requiring a certificate from the commission for any installation, replacement or other changes in plant, operation or equipment which will not impair the adequacy or quality of service provided.

Communications Law	The sender alone of a dispatch can maintain an action to recover the statutory penalty. Ind. Rev. Stat. ? 4176 (1881).

Communications Law	Basic services are telecommunications services that are required to make and receive intrastate telephone calls or which are found to be essential by the District of Columbia Public Service Commission. Competitive services are those business services that can be obtained from providers other than the one at issue. Discretionary services are a catch-all category, encompassing services that are neither basic nor competitive. While price caps are imposed on basic and discretionary services, no caps are set for competitive services. The premise is that competitive forces in the marketplace will hold down the prices for the latter basket of services. When a service is classified as competitive, the assumption is that market forces will operate to drive rates down and thereby restrain the incumbent monopoly from engaging in price gouging.

Education Law	In order to ensure the highest possible quality of education in West Virginia, those charged with hiring the state's educators, county boards of education, are allowed broad discretion in employing the most qualified individuals to teach. County boards of education have substantial discretion in matters relating to the hiring, assignment, transfer, and promotion of school personnel. This selection of candidates puts boards of education in a position where they must use their discretion in rating the qualifications of the applicants. While the Supreme Court of Appeals of West Virginia has a duty to oversee that the objective of filling the state's schools with "qualified instructional personnel" is met, the judiciary is nonetheless reluctant to find fault with such hiring decisions unless the scheme employed clearly does not comport with the statutory guidelines for such decisions or is, in other respects, inappropriate.

Bankruptcy Law	A petition in insolvency and an adjudication of insolvency are two entirely and essentially different things. There can be no adjudication of insolvency without a petition, either voluntary or involuntary, but there may be a petition without an adjudication. Whilst it is true that the adjudication relates back, for certain purposes, to the date of the petition, yet the two things are distinct events that may happen after a considerable interval of time.

Bankruptcy Law	Section 67f of the United States Bankruptcy Act annuls all liens on exempt property in a bankruptcy proceeding obtained within four months of the filing of the petition, both as against the property that the trustee takes for benefit of creditors and that which may be set aside to the bankrupt as exempt.

International Trade Law	In the context of an antidumping challenge, whenever the United States Department of Commerce (Commerce) relies on a respondent's other, existing data to ascertain the cost of production, a petitioner may argue that they distort the difference in merchandise. But the law does not require reliance on actual costs.

International Trade Law	For purposes of determining U.S. Court of International Trade jurisdiction, it is clear 28 U.S.C.S. ? 1581(i) will cover actions not delineated in subsections (a)-(h) when those actions arise out of United States laws providing for those more general matters outlined in paragraphs (1)-(4).

International Trade Law	The intent of 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677(16)(B), is to compare foreign like product to the single most similar United States model. The Department of Commerce is allowed to select the most similar model by allowing the comparison of models with only slight physical differences that are still similar enough to result in a suitable comparison. Selection of the single most similar model also allows for a greater number of reasonable price-to-price comparisons, as is the statutory preference. 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677b(a)(1)(A); Uruguay Round Agreements Act, Statement of Administrative Action, H.R. Doc. No. 103-316, at 820 (1994), reprinted in 1994 U.S.C.A.N.N. 4040, 4161. The preferred method for identifying and measuring dumping is to compare home market sales of the foreign like product to export sales to the United States.

International Trade Law	If merchandise is properly classifiable under U.S. Harmonized Tariff Sched., heading 9405, 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202, it cannot be classified under U.S. Harmonized Tariff Sched., heading 7013, 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202.

International Trade Law	A mix and match methodology is permissible, and only if the combination of surrogate values would somehow produce less accurate results would the United States Department of Commerce's use of this information be unreasonable.

International Trade Law	19 U.S.C.S. ? 1673d(c)(5) explicitly contemplates averaging the zero and de minimis rates received by individually investigated respondents as a reasonable methodology for assigning an estimated "all others rate" in cases where all rates calculated for individually investigated respondents are zero or de minimis.

International Trade Law	The Explanatory Notes to the United States Harmonized Tariff Schedule are persuasive, but not binding on the United States Court of International Trade.

International Trade Law	With respect to its anti-dumping duty determinations, the regulations, in 19 C.F.R. ? 351.408, provide that the Department of Commerce normally will use publicly available information to value factors.

International Trade Law	The relevant section of the antidumping duty statute, 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677e, governs the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision to use facts otherwise available. Importantly, the use of facts otherwise available is only appropriate to fill gaps when Commerce must rely on other sources of information to complete the factual record.

International Trade Law	The fundamental purpose of the countervailing duty law is to provide a special duty to eliminate the advantage an imported product may obtain from forms of assistance termed "subsidies." The duty is assessed when a subsidy is found to exist and when the imported products are found to be causing material injury to an industry in the United States. The primary object of the law is the removal of the advantage of a subsidy or the elimination of injury caused by products possessing the advantage of a subsidy. From the point of view of the objective of the law and those whom it was meant to affect, the extent to which subsidization is practiced in the country of production is entirely immaterial.

International Trade Law	The International Trade Commission (ITC) must address significant arguments and evidence which seriously undermines its reasoning and conclusions. However, the ITC is not required to explicitly address every piece of evidence presented by the parties, and is presumed to have considered all of the evidence on the record.

International Trade Law	The Continued Dumping and Subsidy Offset Act of 2000 (CDSOA), former 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1675c, even though retroactive with respect to an extended period of time, does not directly burden a domestic producer that decided not to support a certain antidumping petition. A domestic producer failing to qualify as an affected domestic producer because of its past decision not to support a petition did not incur a direct cost or a regulatory burden as a result of the CDSOA.

International Trade Law	Actual dumping duties are calculated by the United States Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration (Commerce) after an administrative review.  19 U.S.C.S. ? 1675(a). In such a review, Commerce provides a questionnaire to the foreign producer in order to solicit sales information for United States sales and home-market sales for the particular period of review covered and, on the basis of this information, calculates the actual dumping duty. When Commerce cannot obtain the information in a timely manner or receives incomplete information, the statute and regulation allow and, in certain circumstances, require Commerce to use best information available.  19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677e(b); 19 C.F.R. ? 355.37(a).

International Trade Law	The term "industry" means the producers as a whole of a domestic like product, or those producers whose collective output of a domestic like product constitutes a major proportion of the total domestic production of the product. 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677(4)(A).

International Trade Law	The United States Department of Commerce does not have an unconditional preference for using domestic prices over import prices when valuing surrogates. This should particularly be the case where other factors such as the similarities between the surrogate and the input actually used weigh in favor of the imported input.

International Trade Law	In order to determine whether costs will eventually be recovered by sales at below-cost prices, it is necessary to consider factors such as how far below cost the sales are; how much, if at all, costs of production are expected to decline; and the period of time over which they are expected to decline.

International Trade Law	If the United States Department of Commerce, International Trade Administration, reviews entries of merchandise from a non-market economy, it can satisfy the antidumping administrative review notice requirement by designating the entities in a notice of initiation of an administrative review either by name or by a defining phrase that is reasonably calculated, under all the circumstances, to apprize interested parties of the pendency of the action and afford them an opportunity to present their objections.

Military & Veterans Law	The United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit distinguishes between notice of a party's claim under 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1520(d) and the accompanying certificate of origin. There is a jurisdictional nature of the requirement that notice of a ? 1520(d) claim be timely filed, and a non-jurisdictional nature of a ? 1520(d) claim's content requirements such as certificates of origin.

International Trade Law	The United States International Trade Commission (Commission) must determine whether, considering the four economic factors set forth in subsections (A) through (D) of 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1675a(a)(2), it is "likely" that the volume of imports will be "significant" if the unfair trade orders are revoked. See id. Thus, in accordance with the statute, in order to find sufficient volume for there to be injury, the Commission must identify substantial evidence from the record demonstrating that, should the orders be revoked, it is likely that the volume of the subject imports entering the United States market will be significant. 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1675a(a)(2).

International Trade Law	In analyzing the price effects of subject imports on domestic prices, the United States International Trade Commission must consider whether (I) there has been significant price underselling by the imported merchandise as compared with the price of like products of the United States, and (II) the effect of imports of such merchandise otherwise depresses prices to a significant degree or prevents price increases, which otherwise would have occurred, to a significant degree.  19 U.S.C.S. ? 1677(7)(C)(ii).

International Trade Law	Under U.S. Gen. R. Interpretation Harmonized Tariff Sched., R. 2(b), 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202, the classification of goods consisting of more than one material or substance shall be according to the principles of U.S. Gen. R. Interpretation Harmonized Tariff Sched., R. 3, 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202. U.S. Gen. R. Interpretation Harmonized Tariff Sched., R. 2(b), 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202.

International Trade Law	There is nothing in the language of the statute to preclude classification under U.S. Harmonized Tariff Sched., subheading 5911.40.00, 19 U.S.C.S. ? 1202, of media that filters dust and other solid particles from the air. Clearly, the phrase "or the like" expands the scope of subheading 5911.40.00 beyond just that "straining cloth" which is used in "oil presses." The phrase "or the like" is a reference to filtering devices that are not "oil presses." While an oil press may, or may not, be a filter press, it does not follow that the articles encompassed by the phrase "or the like" also fall within a category of filter presses. There are two possible interpretations of the phrase.

International Trade Law	The so-called "doctrine of use" is subject to "exceptions" whenever it comes into conflict either with a clearly expressed legislative intent or a competing provision which is obviously more specific than the "use" provision as applied to the merchandise at bar. Actually, the "doctrine" appears to be a convenient rule of thumb for resolving issues where the competing provisions are otherwise in balance.

Business & Corporate Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 351.476 succeeds to much of the subject matter formerly addressed by Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 351.565. Mo. Rev. Stat.? 351.476(1) authorizes a dissolved corporation to take certain steps to wind up its affairs, including collection of assets. The scope of this statute is not limited to claims existing at the time of dissolution, and no time limit is placed on a dissolved corporation's ability to enforce its rights.

Evidence	The existence and scope of an agency relationship are questions of fact, unless the relationship is so clear as to be undisputed. When the trier of fact is the court, it is the court's duty to listen to the testimony, observe the demeanor of the witnesses, weigh the evidence, and determine what it believes.

Business & Corporate Law	As in a partnership, each member of a joint adventure has the dual status of principal for himself and agent for his associates, within the scope of the enterprise.

Business & Corporate Law	Section 904, Code of 1906 (Hemingway's Code, para. 4076) (Mississippi) does not confer power on a corporation to convey property, but restricts its power so to do as against the claims of certain of its creditors, from which it would seem to follow that the word "franchise" therein refers to a franchise which a corporation has the power to convey, and which can be subjected to the payment of the debts of the corporation.

Business & Corporate Law	One share of stock does not differ from another share of the same capital stock. Each is but an undivided interest in the corporate rights, privileges, and property.

Business & Corporate Law	Where loss or injury is caused to a third person by the wrongful act or omission of an agent while acting on behalf of his principal, the agent is personally liable therefor, whether he is acting with the authority of the principal or not, to the same extent as if he were acting on his own behalf. The warrant of no man, not even of the king himself, can excuse the doing of an illegal act. All persons, when engaged in the commission of a tort, are wrongdoers and no one of them can excuse himself on the ground that he acted as the agent or servant of another.

Business & Corporate Law	The liability of one partner for the acts of another is in truth the liability of a principal for the acts of his agent. Partners might stipulate among themselves that some one of them only should enter into particular contracts, or make any other special arrangements, but with such arrangements third persons had no concern, but had a right to assume that every partner had authority from his copartners, whether avowed or secret partners, to bind the whole firm according to the ordinary usages of trade.

Business & Corporate Law	For a principal to properly authorize the actions of an agent, the principal must have knowledge, actual or imputed, of all material facts. The degree of information that a board needs to ratify the actions of management is a context-specific inquiry. Valid ratification does not inherently require a blow-by-blow description immediately preceding the directors' vote.

Business & Corporate Law	To show that a director lacks independence, it is not enough to charge that he was nominated by or elected at the behest of those controlling the outcome of a corporate election. That is the usual way a person becomes a corporate director. It is the care, attention and sense of individual responsibility to the performance of one's duties, not the method of election, that generally touches upon independence.

Business & Corporate Law	If property was bought for a partnership, an individual creditor of one of the parties will only acquire by execution sale and purchase the interest of the debtor after a partnership settlement.

Business & Corporate Law	Because a partnership terminates only when the business of the partnership is wound up, whatever rules apply with regard to distribution before the partnership is dissolved apply after it is dissolved but before it is terminated by the winding up of its affairs.

Business & Corporate Law	A subscription to stock inures to the benefit of the corporation thereafter created, with the object being to compel the promisor to pay what in conscience he ought not to refuse and to prevent a failure of justice.

Business & Corporate Law	As between the principal and third persons the mutual rights and liabilities are governed by the apparent scope of the agent's authority, which is that authority which the principal holds the agent out as possessing or which he permits the agent to represent that he possesses and which the principal is estopped to deny, and the principal will be bound by all acts of the agent performed in the usual and customary mode of doing the particular business, though acting with limited powers. When one of two innocent persons must suffer, the one who makes possible the commission of the fraud is the loser. The authority of an agent to collect may be implied from the fact that he has previously received and receipted for payments of money and his acts have been approved by the principal.

Business & Corporate Law	Knowledge of some members of a corporation that other members are becoming personally liable for the payment of corporate debts does not create liability where no request, express or implied, has been made that the members pay the corporate debts, nor any promise to contribute or reimburse has been shown.

Business & Corporate Law	The dissolution of a partnership does not, of itself, release a partner from the payment of a debt contracted by it before his retirement.

Business & Corporate Law	A principal is responsible for the acts of an agent when the principal clothes the agent with the appearance of authority. Apparent authority arises from manifestations by a principal to a third party and can be created by appointing a person to a position that carries with it generally recognized duties.

Business & Corporate Law	An individual's claim becomes a fixed liability against a society when the society's directors part with assets, and there were funds on hand to pay it which should have been applied thereto. The fact that the directors acted in good faith and in the manner which in their judgment was for the best interests of all the members will not relieve them from liability to the individual, whose loss appears to have resulted from their unauthorized conduct.

Business & Corporate Law	There are three separate steps necessary for the complete extinguishment of an existing partnership. They are (1) Dissolution, (2) Winding up, and (3) Termination. Dissolution is defined as the change in the relation of the partners caused by any partner ceasing to be associated in the carrying on as distinguished from the winding up of the business.Ore. Rev. Stat. ? 68.510. Dissolution alone does not act to terminate the partnership but rather designates the point in time when the partners cease to carry on the business together.

Business & Corporate Law	Directors generally are, and always ought to be, stockholders in the corporation whose business they have charge of, and it is to their interest to conduct its affairs properly, and to discharge their trust faithfully. In the absence of causes which may influence them otherwise, the presumption is that they would do their duty, and this presumption is greatly strengthened when the effect of the duty would be to promote their own interests.

Business & Corporate Law	In order to fasten liability on a corporation who uses a corporate entity merely as an instrumentality to conduct its own business, there must be fraud or injustice perpetrated on third parties who deal with the alter ego corporate entity.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	For purposes of asserting dissenters' rights, as soon as a corporate action is taken, the corporation must pay the corporation's estimate of the "fair value" of the deposited shares to every shareholder who complies with the statutory requirements.  Ind. Code ? 23-1-44-15(a). "Fair value" is defined to mean the value of the shares immediately before the sale.  Ind. Code ? 23-1-44-3. The payment must be accompanied by the corporation's balance sheet, income statement, a statement of changes in shareholders' equity, interim financial statements, the corporation's estimate of the fair value of the shares, and a statement of the dissenters' ability to demand payment.  Ind. Code ? 23-1-44-15(b). If the corporation does not take the proposed corporate action within 60 days, the shares must be returned to the shareholders.  Ind. Code ? 23-1-44-16(a). If, at some later time, the corporation desires to take the proposed action, a new dissenters' notice must be sent.  Ind. Code ? 23-1-44-16(b).

Business & Corporate Law	In Missouri, a principal can not accept and appropriate the fruits of an unauthorized contract of his agent and then controvert the authority of the agent to bind him.

Banking Law	In the absence of statute, a building and loan association has no lien on stock or dividends other than that given by the articles of association or bylaws.

Public Contracts Law	When a contracting officer lacks authority to issue a final decision on a claim, there can be no valid deemed denial of the claim so as to confer Contract Dispute Act jurisdiction under 41 U.S.C.S. ? 605(c)(5).

Public Contracts Law	41 U.S.C.S. ? 605(c)(5) provides that: any failure by the contracting officer to issue a decision on a contract claim within the period required will be deemed to be a decision by the contracting officer denying the claim and will authorize the commencement of suit on the claim.

Public Contracts Law	Under the Federal Acquisition Regulation (FAR), the ultimate responsibility for determining which proposal provides best value to the government rests with the source selection authority (SSA). 48 C.F.R. ? 15.303(b)(6). Although the source selection decision represents his independent judgment, the SSA may use reports and analyses prepared by others in reaching this judgment, and the FAR recognizes that the business judgments and tradeoffs of others may be relied on by the SSA. 48 C.F.R. ? 15.308. The SSA is required to establish an evaluation team possessing the appropriate expertise, 48 C.F.R. ? 15.303(b)(1), and must ensure that evaluations are based solely on the factors and subfactors contained in the solicitation. 48 C.F.R. ? 15.303(b)(4). But the manner in which the SSA employs his team of experts, including the amount of delegation, is up to the SSA. He might adopt a source selection plan, for instance, which provides that he will follow the individual evaluations of the technical team members, rather than his own or a consensus view. Under such an approach, the facts found by the individual evaluators figure directly into the source selection decision, and individual evaluation sheets must be scrutinized in order to determine if the ultimate decision was reached arbitrarily.

Public Contracts Law	A contractual relationship arises between the government and a private party if promissory words of the former induce significant action by the latter in reliance thereon.

Public Contracts Law	The Government Control exception essentially provides that a "late" proposal may be considered if it was received at the Government installation designated for receipt of proposals and was under the Government's control prior to the time set for receipt of proposals. 48 C.F.R. ? 15.208(b)(1)(ii). 48 C.F.R. ? 15.208 does not explicitly define the terms "designated office" and "government installation." The United States Court of Federal Claims finds that "designated office" means the particular location designated for the receipt of bids in the solicitation and "government installation" means the entire government facility in which the "designated office" is located.

Contracts Law	Ordinarily, estimates incorporated in a contract are not totally meaningless as this would run counter to the basic principle of contract construction that no provision of a contract should be construed as mere surplusage.

Public Contracts Law	The government is not relieved of the obligation to compensate a contractor under a changes clause by the fact that the government's requests for additional tests were justified.

Constitutional Law	The court's determination of whether the forfeiture under 28 U.S.C.S. ? 2514 is subject to the excessive fines clause will not turn on the civil or in personam nature of the forfeiture but rather on whether the forfeiture is a punishment.

Public Contracts Law	Section 1399.10(a) of the Office of Price Administration of the Federal Government regulations provides that the rental must be on the basis most favorable to the lessee.

Public Contracts Law	The Government routinely uses a two-tier contracting system for its procurements. It enters into a contract with a prime contractor; the prime contractor in turn enters into a contract with a subcontractor. This system creates a legal buffer between the subcontractor and the Government. It provides the Government with a means of administering its procurement through a single point of contact, thereby making the Government's job simpler and cheaper. If direct access were allowed to all Government subcontractors, contracting officers might, without appropriate safeguards, be presented with numerous frivolous claims.

Public Contracts Law	When interpreting a contract, the court must give the language that meaning that would be derived from the contract by a reasonably intelligent person acquainted with the contemporaneous circumstances. To perform this function, the court frequently must place itself in the shoes of a reasonable contractor confronted with the same language and circumstances.

Bankruptcy Law	When the refusal to pay is arbitrary and the debtor knows it has no just basis, the claim is not disputed.

Civil Procedure	Determination of the amount of an equitable adjustment is not an exact science and mathematical precision is not necessary where legal injury has clearly occurred. When the plaintiff is prevented from specifically proving its damages for reasons beyond its control, a court may use a "jury verdict" to determine the amount of recovery if the evidence is sufficient for a fair and reasonable approximation.

Public Contracts Law	Section 8(a)(1) of the Contract Disputes Act of 1978, generally at 41 U.S.C.S. ?? 601-613, provides that an agency board of contract appeals may be established within an executive agency when the agency head determines from a workload study that the volume of contract claims justifies the establishment of a full-time agency board of at least three members who shall have no other inconsistent duties.

Public Contracts Law	Under Mont. Rev. Code Ann. ? 82-1915: Contracts for supplies of state agencies. Unless otherwise provided by law, the state purchasing agent shall have exclusive power, subject to the consent and approval of the governor, to let to the lowest bidders and enter into contracts with the lowest bidders, for the furnishing of all supplies, stationery, paper, fuel, water, lights, and other articles required by the legislative assembly and all other offices, departments, boards, commissions and institutions of the state. Before any such contract is let, the state purchasing agent must advertise in such manner and for such time as in this act provided for sealed proposals for all such supplies or services mentioned in this section.

Administrative Law	An agency's decision will be upheld even if the court might have applied the procurement regulations in a different fashion had the court been in the agency's position. A court must not substitute its judgment for that of the agency, and it may overturn an agency's decision only if (1) the procurement official's decision lacked a rational basis; or (2) the procurement procedure involved a violation of regulation or procedure.

Environmental Law	The administrative code encompasses both Wis. Stat. ?? 66.0903 and 103.49 (2001-02), defining debarment as an action taken to exclude a contractor from performing work for any state agency or local government, Wis. Admin. Code ? DWD 294.02(5) (2001-02), and providing that no state agency or local governmental unit may hire a debarred contractor, Wis. Admin. Code ? DWD 294.04(1) (2001-02).

Public Contracts Law	Miss. Code Ann. ? 8978 (1942) provides that a bidder should be a bona fide resident of Mississippi, own a printing plant, and stationery business, and be actually engaged in printing and stationery business. This code section specifically provides that the contract shall be let to the lowest responsible bidder.

Public Contracts Law	To prove the six elements of the test that a claimant must prove by a preponderance of the evidence in order to recover for a Type I differing site condition claim, the contractor is only required to use a simple logical process in evaluating the information in the contract documents to determine the expected subsurface or latent physical conditions.

Public Contracts Law	The advertisement for bids and the bid itself when accepted constitute a part of the contract with the government and must be considered in construing the contract The common-law rule whereby all prior understandings are merged in the subsequent written contract can not be strictly applied to contracts of this character, because they are required to be made by advertisement, bids, and acceptances. These three steps constitute the real contract, and the written instrument is merely a reduction to form of the intention of the parties, as expressed in the prior advertisement, bid, and acceptance.

Public Contracts Law	Nev. Rev. Stat. ? 281.481(3) does not exclude architects as persons "specifically prohibited by law" from bidding on state contracts unless the submitted bids were based on price.

Public Contracts Law	48 C.F.R. ? 2.101 provides that the term "contracting officer" includes certain authorized representatives of the contracting officer acting within the limits of their authority as delegated by the contracting officer.

Governments	Section 3792, Miss. Code 1930 and ? 3817, Miss. Code 1930 are remedial in their nature and object, and should receive a liberal construction.

Commercial Law (UCC)	Invoices presented to the customer after a transaction has been consummated do not satisfy the prior notification requirements of Wis. Stat. ? 422.302(2).

Banking Law	Termination is "a completed act" as opposed to "a contemplated act". An expression of an intention to terminate a statutory joint tenancy, no matter how eloquently or forcefully stated, can not overcome the presumption that arises from compliance with Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 369.174.1 or with Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 362.470.1. A sole contributor to a joint tenancy bank or savings association account can only terminate the account by (1) presenting the depositor's documents to the institution and withdrawing the money or procuring physical changes in the documents and the institution's records, or (2) procuring a final judgment ordering termination before the depositor's death.

Banking Law	A general "deposit" has the effect of passing title from a "depositor" over to a bank, and there it is mingled with other money of the financial concern. Accordingly, this aggregate constitutes a single fund for the benefit of "depositors. " If insolvency befalls the institution, the common fund forms a source for dividends before which each "depositor" stands on an equality.

Governments	Section 522 of the General Statutes of 1915 (Kansas) contemplates that the selection shall be for one year and the cashier shall hold his office with a bank for that term.

Banking Law	The law is fairly clear that proceeds fraudulently obtained by a person and deposited in his own account may be applied by the bank to satisfy a matured indebtedness of the fraudulent depositor.

Banking Law	The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation holds legal title to claims of the failed thrifts and is the proper party to assert such claims.

Tax Law	It is generally recognized that a true year represents the period required for the earth to complete an orbit around the sun, and that this period does not change from year to year. That is, the occurrence of leap years is arranged in the calendar to compensate for the fact that the time of the earth's orbit around the sun is not exactly 365 days, nor 366 days. By simple mathematical computation, it can be, and has been, determined that the Gregorian Calendar recognizes that a true year is composed of 365.2425 days.

Banking Law	Wis. Rev. Stat. ? 2022(5) provides for a notice to creditors of an insolvent bank, and makes it the duty of the banking commissioner to object to the allowance of any claim which he deems to be unjust.

Banking Law	There is but one method of establishing a branch bank in a city of less than the first class having an existing unit bank and that is by "taking over" such bank.

Banking Law	Utah Code Ann. ? 70B-3-506(1) states that the administrator shall examine periodically at intervals he deems appropriate the loans, business, and records of every licensee. In addition, for the purpose of discovering violations of this act or securing information lawfully required, the administrator or the official or agency to whose supervision the organization is subject (Utah Code Ann. ? 70B-6-105) may at any time investigate the loans, business, and records of any regulated lender.

Banking Law	The powers of inspection and supervision of banks are legislatively delegated to the Commissioner of Finance of the State of Idaho by the Bank Act. The Bank Act, Idaho Code ? 26-407, while in aid of those delegated powers does not clothe the commissioner with the absolute power to remove a bank director, officer or employee for cause; for even though the commissioner may issue his written order of removal, the bank's board of directors under penalty of civil liability for losses may refuse to heed the commissioner's order. Further, no power of removal by the commissioner is to be found in the general corporation laws of Idaho.

Banking Law	Convenience of banking is a proper factor to consider in determining whether a proposed bank will serve a public need and advantage.

Commercial Law (UCC)	1849 Pa. Laws 426, ? 10, provides for the recovery of money paid on forged signatures whether of drawers, acceptors or indorsers.

Banking Law	An unauthorized payment and subsequent charge to the account of a drawer is a sufficient basis for a liability of a bank to a payee.

Banking Law	National banks are brought into existence under federal legislation, are instrumentalities of the federal government, and are necessarily subject to the paramount authority of the United States. Nevertheless, national banks are subject to the laws of a state in respect of their affairs unless such laws interfere with the purposes of their creation, tend to impair or destroy their efficiency as federal agencies or conflict with the paramount law of the United States.

Banking Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 5316 (1929) states under what conditions a relator as Commissioner of Finance of the State of Missouri may take possession of property banking corporations and private banks.

Banking Law	Where a guarantor's co-guarantors are not creditors under the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, ECOA, any claims for recoupment or other defenses cannot be asserted directly against them by the guarantor. If the lender violates the ECOA, the guarantor can not use the ECOA violation to void the guaranty.

Banking Law	Neither the president nor the cashier can impose by his own action, on a bank, any liability not already imposed by law or usage; nor can they bind the bank, in the absence of authority from the directors, by any agreements or contracts outside of the range of their duties.

Contracts Law	The bank received the benefits of the contract and still retains them. It cannot therefore be heard to question the validity of the law under which the contract was made in order to escape liability under the contract, and, if it cannot do so, neither can its sureties.

Banking Law	The term "branch" creates the relationship of principal and agent between the parent organization and the branch. It may have a separate and distinct identity for some purposes in dealing with third persons. But as between the parent bank and the branch, the employees of the branch are employees of the parent bank. The action or inaction of the branch bank is the action or inaction of the parent bank. Branch bank business and policies are subject to the supervision and control of the parent bank. It is an instrumentality by which the parent bank carries on its business.

Banking Law	Preemption cannot shield a defendant bank from tort liability for dismissing an employee in violation of a state public policy which is consistent with the federal statute's purpose. A bank cannot avail itself of the National Bank Act's "at pleasure" provision unless one cannot comply with both state and federal law, or if the state law stands as an obstacle to the accomplishment and execution of the full purposes and objectives of Congress.

Banking Law	Under Code ? 9283-e3 (Iowa), the superintendent of banking, with the approval of the executive council, is given power to reorganize a bank.

Real Property Law	Such quasi easements as pass by implication and ripen into easements for the benefit of the grantee of the dominant estate, must have been, and must be at the time of the conveyance, apparent and continuous. That an easement to be thus created by implied grant must be apparent, is conceded by all decisions; and it is apparent for this purpose if its existence is indicated by signs which must necessarily be seen, or which may be seen or known on a careful inspection by a person ordinarily conversant with the subject. In other words, to be "apparent" as used in this connection requires the quasi easement or use enjoyed by the dominant tenement and imposed as a burden upon the servient tenement, must be visible, or such as would come to the knowledge of a prospective purchaser of either the dominant or servient estate by such an examination of the premises as is ordinarily made by one desiring to purchase.

Real Property Law	Where a party entitled to redeem from a mortgage lien is not a party to the decree foreclosing such mortgage, the judgment, so far as he is concerned, is a mere nullity; and the equity of redemption, which he may have in the mortgaged premises, is not affected thereby; and, under such circumstances, in order to redeem, he is only required to pay the mortgage debt with the interest thereon.

Real Property Law	The fact that the defendant agreed to purchase land "subject to a mortgage" raises no presumption that there was an agreement to assume and pay the incumbrance.

Healthcare Law	Cremation is one of many forms of final disposition of a dead human body. Minn. Stat. ? 149A.02, subd. 16, defines final disposition as the acts leading to and the entombment, burial in a cemetery, or cremation of a dead human body. Accordingly, any reference to final disposition in other sections of Minn. Stat. ch. 149A necessarily incorporates this definition and includes cremation as one of the forms of final disposition. Minn. Stat. ? 149A.02, subd. 1.

Healthcare Law	A doctor's personal standard regarding information for a patient's consent is irrelevant. Under the professional theory, the standard of care in medical malpractice cases for informed consent is not determined by the doctor's personal or customary routine, but on the information doctors ordinarily supply to patients in similar circumstances and locations.

Healthcare Law	Although the State Health Plan does not give specific projections of need or standards of distribution in terms that track the exact statutory language, the Plan does not violate of the South Carolina Certificate of Need and Health Facilities Licensure Act (CON Act), S.C. Code Ann. ? 44-7-180 (2002). Clearly, the first magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) standard that each hospital should have at least one MRI unit available satisfies the statute's directive for projections of need when a hospital applies for a certificate of need of an MRI. The second MRI standard also provides guidance for distribution and utilization of existing MRI resources. The Plan satisfies the requirements of ? 44-7-180(B)(2) and (3) by unmistakably stating the need and guiding distribution for MRI units in hospitals.

Healthcare Law	The minimum requirements for a licensed funeral director are set forth in S.C. Code Ann. ? 40-19-160 (1976). It is clear the South Carolina State Board of Funeral Service may not adopt a rule that would reduce these minimum requirements. Neither may the Board adopt a rule that would materially alter or add to these minimum requirements.

Labor & Employment Law	In the context of a reemployment compensation claim misconduct is defined as conduct evincing such willful or wanton disregard of an employer's interests as is found in deliberate violations or disregard of standards of behavior which the employer has the right to expect.

Labor & Employment Law	An appellate court defers to an unemployment law judge's ability to weigh the evidence and does not weigh evidence on review.

Labor & Employment Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 290.110 requires that an employer pay an employee who is terminated, with or without cause, unpaid wages at the contract rate within 7 days after written request of the employee, or pay a penalty of a maximum of 60 days wages plus the unpaid wages. "Wages" earned at the contract rate under ? 290.110 refers to the basic rate of pay, specifically, to wage payments due and payable at regular intervals, and have no reference to vacation credits calculated on the basis of priority, number of days worked during the preceding calendar year, and payable only once and in one sum.

Labor & Employment Law	The meaning of the term "misconduct," as used in the unemployment compensation statute, is conduct evincing such willful and wanton disregard of the employer's interest as is found in deliberate violations or disregard of standards of behavior which the employer has the right to expect from his employee. Also, carelessness and negligence of such degree, or recurrence thereof, as to manifest culpability, wrongful intent or evil design, and showing an intentional or substantial disregard of the employer's interest or of the employee's duties and obligations to his employer, comes within the term. Mere inefficiency, unsatisfactory conduct, failure in good performance as the result of inability or incapacity, or inadvertence and ordinary negligence in isolated incidents, and good faith errors in judgment or discretion are not considered "misconduct" within the meaning of the statute.

Labor & Employment Law	A Pennsylvania Labor Relations Board examiner has no right to evade his responsibility by clothing his inferences in the broad terms of the exact wording of the Pennsylvania Labor Relations Act.

Labor & Employment Law	A quit from employment occurs when the employee makes the decision to end the employment. Minn. Stat. ? 268.095, subd. 2(a).

Labor & Employment Law	In order to support a claim under the Whistleblower Law, 43 Pa. Stat. Ann. ? 1421 et seq., an employee alleging a violation of this Act must show by a preponderance of the evidence that, prior to alleged reprisal, the employee had reported or was about to report in good faith, verbally or in writing, an instance of wrongdoing or waste to the employer or an appropriate authority, 43 Pa. Stat. Ann. ? 1424(b). The wrongdoing or waste alleged must be of the type that the employer is charged to enforce for the good of the public or is one dealing with the internal administration of the governmental employer in question. An "appropriate authority" is a federal, state or local government body, agency or organization having jurisdiction over regulatory violations, professional conduct or ethics, or waste; or a member, officer, agent, representative or supervisory employee of the body, agency or organization, 42 Pa. Stat. Ann. ? 1422. In other words, a plaintiff must establish a connection or nexus between the employer's performance of its duty and the subject of the investigation.

Labor & Employment Law	The purpose of the Missouri Employment Security Law is to benefit individuals who are unemployed through no fault of their own. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 288.020.1 (2000). A claimant is disqualified from receiving unemployment benefits if he or she has been discharged for misconduct connected with work. Mo. Rev. Stat. 288.050.2 (2000). "Misconduct" is defined as an act of wanton or willful disregard of the employer's interest, a deliberate violation of the employer's rules, a disregard of standards of behavior which the employer has the right to expect of his or her employee, or negligence in such degree or recurrence as to manifest culpability, wrongful intent or evil design, or show an intentional and substantial disregard of the employer's interest or of the employee's duties and obligations to the employer. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 288.030.1(23) (2000).

Administrative Law	The American Arbitration Association (AAA) Rules provide additional procedural standards to control discretion. For example, the AAA Rules provide for notification of the time and place for the hearing, for representation by counsel, for stenographic recording, for testimony under oath, and for a written decision.

Labor & Employment Law	A discharge because of sex is not within any of the pursuance of rights or obligations exceptions to the rule of "at will" discharge, and it is clear that the Supreme Court of Oregon has not yet recognized common law actions for wrongful discharge other than those exceptions. In all other cases, the statutory action is the only remedy, in addition to the administrative complaint procedure available through the Bureau of Labor.

Labor & Employment Law	An employer has a right to expect employees not to fight and to conclude that an employee who is not the initial aggressor, who is acting initially in self-defense, but who actively engages in the continuation of the fight is guilty of misconduct.

Labor & Employment Law	If reasonable prospects of suitable employment in the applicant's usual or customary occupation do not exist, the applicant must actively seek other suitable employment to be considered actively seeking suitable employment. That applies to an applicant who is seasonally unemployed. Minn. Stat. ? 268.085, subd. 16(c) (2010).

Labor & Employment Law	See ? 4(x) of the Unemployment Compensation Law of December 5, 1936 (1937), P. L. 2897, Pa. Stat. Ann. tit. 43, ? 784.

Labor & Employment Law	Alaska Stat. ? 18.80.220(a)(1)  prohibits employers from terminating employment because of race, national origin, or age. The three-part burden-shifting test originally described by the United States Supreme Court in McDonnell Douglas Corp. v. Green  guides our courts' application of Under the McDonnell Douglas test, the complaining party bears the initial burden of establishing a prima facie case of discrimination. If the complainant establishes a prima facie case of discrimination, the burden shifts to the employer to advance a legitimate nondiscriminatory reason for the employment action. Then, if the employer succeeds in meeting its burden, the burden shifts back to the complainant to show that the employer's offered explanations were pretextual.

Labor & Employment Law	The Indiana Employment Security Act contemplates that the Review Board of the Indiana Employment Security Division shall make a finding of facts. Ind. Stat. Ann. ? 52-1542k (1951 Repl.).

Education Law	"Reasonable assurance" exists when an employer school district notifies a claimant that she will be retained in the same type of job in the next school year. The term "reasonable assurance" implies a high probability, not a certainty, that such reemployment will occur. It should also be noted that Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 288.040.3(1)(b) (1986) does not require that notice of "reasonable assurance" must be in writing.

Labor & Employment Law	It is an unfair employment practice under the Minnesota Human Rights Act (the act) for an employer to discriminate against a person as to terms and conditions of employment on the basis of sex. Minn. Stat. ? 363A.08, subd. 2 (2004). Sex discrimination under the act includes discrimination because of pregnancy. Minn. Stat. ? 363A.03, subd. 42 (2004).

Labor & Employment Law	The test for a "customary" occupation is: Whenever the individuals actually did engage in the activities in question, did they ordinarily or "customarily" engage in them in such a way as to be considered "independent," i.e.: Did the individual hold himself out, and was he capable of performing the particular activities in question for any who wished to avail themselves of such services; and, was the nature of the activity not such that the individual was compelled to look to only a single employer for the continuation of such services, on an ordinary employer-employe relationship?

Labor & Employment Law	On appeal from an unemployment-law judge's benefits determination, the appellate court may affirm, remand, or reverse. Minn. Stat. ? 268.105, subd. 7(d) (2006). Reversal is appropriate if the relator's substantial rights are prejudiced because the findings, inferences, conclusion, or decision is affected by error of law or unsupported by substantial evidence in view of the entire record.

Labor & Employment Law	Accrued vacation benefits are "wages" for the purposes of La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 23:631 and La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 23:632. When an employer agrees to pay employees for unused vacation time as a condition of their employment, that accrued vacation pay is compensation that is earned during a pay period. As such, accrued vacation time is an "amount then due under the terms of employment" and constitutes wages under La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 23:631. The same is true for accrued sick benefits.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Overpayments as a result of misrepresentation of false statement cannot be waived and must be deducted from any future benefits payable to the claimant. Idaho Code ? 72-1369(a)(2)(B) and (a)(4). Overpayments in the latter category may, at the discretion of the director or his authorized representative, be deducted from any future benefits payable to said claimant under this act. Idaho Code ? 72-1369(a)(2)(A). The same "at the discretion of the director" language, however, is not repeated in the waiver provision of Idaho Code ? 72-1369 (a)(4).

Labor & Employment Law	Employment misconduct is any intentional, negligent, or indifferent conduct, on the job or off the job (1) that displays clearly a serious violation of the standards of behavior the employer has the right to reasonably expect of the employee, or (2) that displays clearly a substantial lack of concern for the employment. Minn. Stat. ? 268.095, subd. 6(a) (2004). An employee who is discharged for employment misconduct is disqualified from receiving unemployment benefits. Minn. Stat. ? 268.095, subd. 4(1) (Supp. 2005).

Labor & Employment Law	An employee who refuses to comply with an employer's reasonable policies and requests engages in employment misconduct, thus disqualifying himself from receiving unemployment benefits. A single incident can constitute misconduct when an employee deliberately chooses a course of conduct that is adverse to the employer.

Commercial Law (UCC)	As a general rule, a check must be both mailed and received to constitute payment. However, the "mailbox rule" provides a limited exception and states that a check, properly addressed with postage prepaid, constitutes payment at the moment it is deposited into the mail, provided the parties either have a custom of payment by mail or have expressly authorized payment by mail. Other jurisdictions recognize instances where the act of mailing a check constitutes delivery of payment. The mailbox rule in this form has never been expressly adopted in New Mexico. The courts have adopted the common law "mailbox rule," which provides an evidentiary presumption that items properly mailed will be received by the recipient in ordinary course. This evidentiary rule differs from the "mailbox rule" used in matters of contract construction.

Contracts Law	A party to a contract cannot, at one and the same time, repudiate it and retain a benefit from its partial execution. In order to entitle him to rescind he must first restore what he has received under the contract, and thus put the other party to the agreement in his original position.

Contracts Law	In so far as a writing is a receipt, it is of course governed by the law regulating receipts--that is, it is open to contradiction or explanation by parol proof; and in so far as a writing is a contract, it is governed by the law of written contracts, and cannot be contradicted or varied by contemporaneous proof.

Torts	Parties may contract that one shall not be liable for his negligence to another but that such other shall assume the risk incident to such negligence.

Contracts Law	A receipt is only prima facie evidence of a settlement; and where there has been fraud, accident, or mistake, it can be set aside and the entire matter investigated.

Contracts Law	In order to maintain an action for the specific performance of a contract, where the contract is required to be in writing by virtue of the provisions of the statute of' frauds, it is required that the whole contract, with all its essentials, be in writing, and that its terms be definite and certain, or that they can be made definite and certain by reference to other instruments in writing, or by reference to extrinsic and existing facts which may be shown in court.

Contracts Law	The rule requiring a party who signs a contract to read it and holding him bound by its provisions is not a "rule of thumb" but one of equity and sense. It does not apply where the contract is ambiguous and requires explanation.

Contracts Law	Three elements must be present before unjust enrichment may serve as a basis of recovery: there must be: (1) a benefit conferred on one person by another; (2) an appreciation or knowledge by the conferee of the benefit; and (3) the acceptance or retention by the conferee of the benefit under such circumstances as to make it inequitable for the conferee to retain the benefit without payment of its value.

Banking Law	If a transaction is a loan and the sum charged or exacted for the use of the money loaned exceeds the legal rate of interest, it is usury, no matter what words it may be clothed in.

Contracts Law	Ordinarily, the meaning and intent of the parties to a written instrument should be determined within the four corners of the document, and its terms cannot be explained or contradicted by extrinsic evidence. When a contract may be construed from the four corners of the instrument, that interpretation is a matter of law for the court to determine.

Contracts Law	It is proper for courts to look at and consider the intention of parties in their transactions, and, where such intention is manifest, it will control.

Contracts Law	In an option contract, an optionee pays a seller to keep an offer of sale open until a specified later date and therefore an option contract is not a contract to buy goods, but merely contemplates a possible future contract to buy goods.

Contracts Law	Legal detriment, as opposed to detriment in fact, is present where the promisee gives up something he was privileged to retain prior to the contract.

Contracts Law	The intent of the parties is to be determined from the entire instrument. Where the terms of the contract are clear, the court does not supply additional terms, but applies the agreement as written.

Contracts Law	Liquidated damages provisions are generally enforceable where the nature of the agreement is such that when a breach occurs the resulting damages would be uncertain and difficult to ascertain. However, to be enforceable the stipulated sum must fairly be allowed as compensation for the breach.

Contracts Law	In the context of a construction contract, a party to a contract who prevents or hinders the other party from executing its obligations under the contract cannot rely on the other party's non-performance to escape its obligations under the contract.

Contracts Law	Whenever the unlawful part of the contract can be separated from the rest, it will be rejected, and the remainder established. But this cannot be done when one of two or more considerations is unlawful, whether the promise be to do one lawful act, or two or more acts, part of which are unlawful; because the whole consideration is the basis of the whole promise. The parts are inseparable. Whilst a partial want or failure of consideration avoids a bill or note only pro tanto, illegality in respect to a part of the consideration avoids it in toto. The reason of this distinction is said to be founded, partly at least, on grounds of public policy, and partly on the technical notion that the security is entire and cannot be apportioned; and it has been said with much force that where parties have woven a web of fraud or wrong, it is no part of the duty of courts of justice to unravel the threads and separate the sound from the unsound; and in general it makes no difference as to the effect, whether the illegality be at common law or by statute.

Contracts Law	On the execution of a written instrument all prior agreements, and agreements executed concurrently therewith, are merged in the written instrument and the tenor thereof cannot be changed by parol agreement.

Evidence	Estoppel is not a favorite of the law and will not be lightly invoked; it is applied with care and caution and only when all elements constituting estoppel are clearly established. To support a claim for equitable estoppel there must be: (1) an admission, statement or act inconsistent with a claim afterwards asserted and sued upon, (2) action by the other party on the faith of such admission, statement or act, and (3) injury to such other party resulting from allowing the first party to contradict or repudiate such admission, statement or act.

Commercial Law (UCC)	Section 3386 of the Arizona Negotiable Instrument Act relating to promissory notes provides in part that an instrument is dishonored by non-payment when it is duly presented for payment and payment is refused or cannot be obtained.

Contracts Law	A novation is the substitution of a new contract or obligation for an existing one, between the same or different parties by mutual agreement. A novation is a new contractual relation made with intent to extinguish a contract already in existence. It contains four essential requisites: (1) a previous valid obligation; (2) the agreement of all the parties to the new contract; (3) the validity of such new contract, and (4) the extinguishment of the old contract, by the substitution of the new one.

Business & Corporate Law	It is only where the principal obligor is insolvent, that the statute introduces a summary mode of proceeding against a co-surety. Stat. 1817, p. 116, Stat. 1823, p. 378 (Indiana).

Contracts Law	Mere promises to do something made at the time of the execution do not constitute fraud, though they are not subsequently complied with, and a breach of faith or of an agreement regarding the doing or refraining from doing something in the future is not fraud of the kind that will admit of parol testimony to vary the terms of a written contract.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Because potential bidders know that a poison pill may not be used to entrench management or to unfairly favor one bidder over another, they have no reason to refrain from bidding if they believe that they can make a profitable offer for control of a corporation.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	The primary elements of continuation include the common identity of the officers, directors, or stockholders in the predecessor and successor corporations, and the existence of only one corporation at the completion of the transfer.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	A new corporation is subject to all the obligations of the merged corporations, and is invested with the rights possessed by them even though such rights do not become enforceable until after the merger takes place.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	The adequacy of the price in a tender offer does not raise a triable issue unless price is connected to valid claims of breach of fiduciary duty, such as disclosure problems or actionable coercion. In the case of totally voluntary tender offers, courts do not impose any right of the shareholders to receive a particular price.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Where one corporation is consolidated with another, or merged in another, which takes its property, such new corporation is bound to discharge the liabilities of the old one.

Securities Law	After a broker has found a customer and commenced negotiations, neither the principal nor the customer can break them off and defeat the broker's right to a commission by concluding the transaction without his aid. Nor can a principal reject an offer made by a person found by a broker and then without the broker's intervention sell to the same person and thus defeat the broker's right to a commission. A broker is entitled to a commission for effecting a sale, although he takes no part in the negotiations, where the sale is effected as the result of his introducing the customer and the principal or of his putting them into communication; the principal cannot defeat the right to compensation by closing the transaction directly with the customer without the broker's further aid.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Del. Code Ann. tit. 8, ? 251(c), requires the filing and recording of a merger agreement in the counties in which each of the merging corporations is registered. Alternatively, the surviving corporation may file a certificate of merger. However, when a certificate of merger is filed instead of the merger agreement itself, the surviving corporation must, among other things, furnish a copy of the agreement without charge to any stockholder upon request.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	The first factor to be considered under the rubric of fair dealing is the initiation and timing of the leveraged buyout merger proposal.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Whether a transferrer received "reasonably equivalent value" for transferred assets is a key element of a fraudulent transfer inquiry. R.I. Gen. Laws ? 6-16-4(a)(2) (1956).

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Where one company sells or transfers all of its assets to another, the second entity does not become liable for the debts and liabilities, including torts, of the transferor.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Evidence of financial control between a debtor and a secured creditor, standing alone, is insufficient to indicate continuity of management and ownership under the doctrine of successor liability.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Unless a transfer of corporate assets is to a good-faith transferee for value in the ordinary course of business, or the transferor pays or makes provision for the payment of its creditors, the creditors may follow the transferred property into the hands of the transferee to satisfy their claims.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	There is no exact method of evaluating the comparative values of shares of corporate stock in a contemplated merger although market price would appear to be the most attractive element to the average investor.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	The general rule concerning successor liability is that, when one company sells or transfers all of its assets to another, the purchaser does not become liable for the debts and liabilities, including torts, of the tortfeasor. However, a purchaser may be liable for the obligations of the selling corporation in any one of the following four situations: (1) the purchaser expressly or impliedly assumes such obligations; (2) the transaction amounts to a consolidation or merger of the seller into the purchasers; (3) the purchaser is merely a continuation of the seller; or (4) the transaction has been entered into fraudulently.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	In the context of a merger, the fact that a company is small does not modify core fiduciary duties and would not seem to alter the analysis, unless its board of directors is well-versed in the company's business. In other words, small companies do not get a pass just for being small. Where, however, a small company is managed by a board with an impeccable knowledge of the company's business, a court may consider the size of the company in determining what is reasonable and appropriate.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The right exists in every corporation in this state to sell its tangible property, and it is also true that a corporation can purchase such real and personal estate as the purposes of the corporation require. Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 706 (1879).

Bankruptcy Law	The third paragraph of R.I. Gen. Laws ch. 116, ? 56 provides that a corporation, within three months after the day on which such vote was taken may file a petition in equity for the appointment of an appraisee.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	In every merger a sale of assets is involved. The converse, that in every sale of assets, a merger or consolidation is involved, is not true.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	The mere purchase of the physical assets of the predecessor and use of the assets in the same kind of business are not sufficient to authorize transfer of the predecessor's experience rating to the successor. The successor business must also continue the fundamental character or identity of the predecessor's business.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	A statutory long-form merger between a parent and a subsidiary invokes the entire fairness standard of review. The usual deference courts give to corporate boards of directors, as embodied in the business judgment rule, is inappropriate in these circumstances because the self-interested directors have an interest that diverges from that of the minority stockholders, and, to the extent that the minority resists, the process is entirely suffused with the parent's coercive power. Entire fairness review, in other words, serves to protect the minority stockholders where the law's normal range of protections are insufficient.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Courts sometimes treat asset transfers as de facto mergers where the economic effect of the transaction makes it a merger in all but name. Some pertinent findings might include continuity of the predecessor corporation's business enterprise as to management, location, and business lines; prompt liquidation of the seller corporation; and assumption of the debts of the seller necessary to the ongoing operation of the business.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	Under Delaware law, the concept of entire fairness has two prongs: fair dealing and fair price. The fair dealing prong of the entire fairness inquiry relates to how a transaction is structured and negotiated. The fair price prong relates to the economic and financial considerations of a proposed merger. When making a determination of a transaction's entire fairness courts examine the transaction as a whole looking at both fair price and fair dealing, without focusing on one component over another.

Mergers & Acquisitions Law	In a takeover situation, inadequate price and the concept of substantive coercion are inextricably related. Substantive coercion has been defined as the risk that a corporation's stockholders might accept an offeror's inadequate offer because of "ignorance or mistaken belief regarding the board's assessment of the long-term value of the corporate stock. In other words, if management advises stockholders, in good faith, that it believes a hostile offer is inadequate because in its view the future earnings potential of the company is greater than the price offered, the stockholders might nevertheless reject the board's advice and tender.

International Law	A conversation could not be binding upon defendant United States as an authoritative interpretation upon which plaintiff could rely, since the employee was only an inspector.

Real Property Law	Title cannot be acquired without the simultaneous and continuous existence of each element of adverse possession for the required period. The term "continuous" in the context of adverse possession means a possession for the 10-year period which is uninterrupted or stretches on without break or interruption.

Real Property Law	Under the law as now codified, the procedures are expressly set out that a landlord must follow to distrain for rent, for example, Md. Code Ann. Real Prop. ? 8-303, dealing with the form and contents of the petition; Md. Code Ann. Real Prop. ? 8-304, dealing with the show cause order; Md. Code Ann. Real Prop. ? 8-305, dealing with the levy, inventory and return; Md. Code Ann. Real Prop. ? 8-308, dealing with the requirement that the goods levied on under distress shall be held in custodia legis.

Real Property Law	Where there is adverse possession relied on to constitute a title, mere ex parte affidavits of owners of land, and a few other persons, are insufficient.

Real Property Law	City of St. Louis, Mo., Revised Code ? 903.010 states that no building or land shall be used for a use other than those permitted in the district in which such premises are located unless (a) such use is permitted by other provisions of this chapter or by Chapter 915, Use, Height, and Area Exceptions, or Chapter 916, Board of Adjustment; or (b) such use existed prior to April 25, 1950.

Real Property Law	The owner has the absolute right to sell or mortgage property exempt from execution, and such sale or mortgage will be enforced.

Real Property Law	In order that title to waters may be acquired by adverse user, it is necessary that during the entire statutory period there shall have been an infringement upon another's right to such an extent that such other would have had a cause of action against the claimant.

Real Property Law	Neither the New Shoreham Zoning Ordinance at ? 703 (C)(6) nor ? 706(B)(1) (Rhode Island) requires that DEM approval of the septic system be submitted with the special-use application. Section 701(B)(2) does require a DEM certificate of approval, but it is not applicable to variance or special-use permit requests, which are covered by ?? 703, 706 respectively.

Real Property Law	The recitals in a mortgagees' deed are prima facie proof of the amount received at the foreclosure sale. A foreclosing mortgagee cannot overcome such a prima facie case by presenting evidence that he failed to do what he was legally obligated to do, namely, to accept the highest bona fide bid and to get cash or the equivalent thereof at the time of the delivery of the mortgagee's deed.

Real Property Law	The homestead right may exist in vacant land for which a former homestead has been exchanged, or which has been purchased with the proceeds of such a homestead, when the land was thus obtained, and is held in good faith for use as a home. And the homestead character of the land will not be affected by the fact that it cannot be improved, and a dwelling house erected thereon, from the proceeds of a former homestead.

Administrative Law	Whether or not legal evidence before a zoning board is credible goes to its weight, which the Supreme Court of Rhode Island will not ordinarily consider.

Real Property Law	Mere silent possession ever so long by one taking rents and profits without notice or knowledge of such adverse claim on the part of the other will not be adverse possession under the statute.

Real Property Law	By ordinary high-water mark is meant the point on the bank or shore up to which the presence and action of the water is so continuous as to leave a distinct mark either by erosion, destruction of terrestrial vegetation, or other easily recognized characteristic. And where the bank or shore at any particular place is of such a character that it is impossible or difficult to ascertain where the point of ordinary high-water mark is, recourse may be had to other places on the bank or shore of the same stream or lake to determine whether a given stage of water is above or below ordinary high-water mark.

Real Property Law	As a rule, a meander line is not a boundary line, and land lying between it and the body of water meandered belongs to abutting owners precisely the same as accretions or relictions.

Real Property Law	Md. Code Ann., Real Prop. ? 2-118(b)(8) includes acts or uses having any relation to the preservation of water or land areas or the improvement or appurtenance thereto as a proper purpose of a conservation easement.

Real Property Law	An easement gives the beneficiary of that easement the right to go on to the property of the person who granted or agreed to the easement and use it for a limited purpose. While an easement constitutes an interest in real estate, it is not an interest as to the title of the real estate.

Real Property Law	Because zoning ordinances are enacted for the benefit and welfare of municipalities' citizens, an appellate court generally affords great deference to these decisions.

Real Property Law	After a sheriff's sale of property in a mortgage foreclosure proceeding and after the sheriff's deed is acknowledged and delivered, it cannot be reformed by a court of equity so as to include property not mortgaged and sold.

Real Property Law	Where a grant of an easement is general as to the extent of the burden to be imposed on the servient estate, an exercise of the right, with the acquiescence and consent of both parties, in a particular course or manner, fixes the right and limits it to the particular course or manner in which it has been enjoyed.

Real Property Law	A mortgagor is authorized to redeem, by paying the amount of the mortgage debt, with ten percent per annum thereon, up to the time of making tender, "with all other lawful charges." Ala. Code ? 2879. This embraces only such claims or demands as are in the nature of an incumbrance or lien, for which the purchaser would be entitled to hold the land as security.

Environmental Law	The requirement of Wis. Stat. ? 289.06(2) that notice be served on the owner personally or by registered mail with return receipt requested is subject to a less stringent standard for service than the requirements for service of a summons.

Governments	There can be no doubt but a city, having only a general power to establish and regulate wharves, may erect sheds and warehouses thereon to protect such property from damage and theft, and the wharfage charges may be proportioned to the accommodations afforded. So, too, the maintenance of an elevator on a public wharf for handling grain thereat is no new or additional burden or servitude. It is simply a new method for using the wharf for the very purposes for which it was condemned or dedicated.

Admiralty & Maritime Law	In the context of the Jones Act, the United States Supreme Court has provided guidance in ascertaining who is a "member of the crew" and, therefore, a seaman. The total circumstances of an individual's employment must be weighed to determine whether he had a sufficient relation to the navigation of vessels and the perils attendant thereon. The duration of a worker's connection to a vessel and the nature of the worker's activities, taken together, determine whether a maritime employee is a seaman because the ultimate inquiry is whether the worker in question is a member of the vessel's crew or simply a land-based employee who happens to be working on the vessel at a given time. A maritime worker who spends only a small fraction of his working time on board a vessel is fundamentally land-based and therefore not a member of the vessel's crew, regardless of what his duties are. Naturally, substantiality in this context is determined by reference to the period covered by the Jones Act plaintiff's maritime employment, rather than by some absolute measure.

Trademark Law	Wisconsin case law recognizes the existence of a broad and a narrow definition of advertising. The Wisconsin Supreme Court is not limited to those definitions, however. Nor is it limited to the general definition of advertising described in a prior case. The supreme court is permitted to consider the definitions of "advertising" in dictionaries of common usage and in legal dictionaries to help it discern its meaning.

Trademark Law	Section 43 (15 U.S.C.S. ? 1125) of the Lanham Act creates a federal remedy for the particular kind of unfair competition that results from false designation of origin or other false representation used in connection with the sale of a product. The key to finding a violation under ? 43 is a determination that the materials used by the defendant created a likelihood of confusion, deception or mistake on the part of the consuming public.

Trademark Law	When the word is incapable of becoming a valid trade-mark, because descriptive or geographical, yet has by use come to stand for a particular maker or vendor, its use by another in this secondary sense will be restrained as unfair and fraudulent competition, and its use in its primary or common sense confined in such a way as will prevent a probable deceit by enabling one maker or vendor to sell his article as the product of another.

Trademark Law	Ordinarily a geographical term, which indicates the boundaries of activity or location of the business and thus has a relation to the matter involved, is merely a descriptive word or term and does not entitle the user to protection when used as part of a trade name. The selection of descriptive words having a broad general meaning, rather than fanciful or arbitrary words, in a business name do not ordinarily acquire a secondary meaning and do not entitle the user to protection. The locality in which two businesses operate is an important element in determining the rights of the parties where trade names conflict.

Trademark Law	Whether a business acquires a protectable trademark depends on the nature of the mark it adopts. General principles of trademark law apply to trade names.

Trademark Law	Section 3304 of the Delaware Trademark Act provides any person who adopts and uses a mark in the state may file an application for registration setting forth a statement that the applicant is the owner of the mark and that no other person has the right to use such mark in the state.

Trademark Law	There is not and can be no exclusive ownership of the words or symbol which constitute a trademark apart from the use or application of such words or symbol to a vendible commodity and in order for one person to have that proprietary interest which is always incident to technical trademark, sufficient to support an action looking to the protection of this property right, the mark must be stamped or otherwise affixed to a vendible commodity or thing actually in the market for a sufficient length of time at least to have obtained currency, acceptance and reputation under and associated with the mark which points or otherwise identifies its origin, ownership or manufacture.

Trademark Law	Under both unfair competition and false advertising theories of liability under the Lanham Act, the plaintiff must prove a likelihood of confusion.

Evidence	Proof of lost profits may be established through expert testimony, economic and financial data, market surveys and analyses, business records of similar enterprises, comparison with profit performance of businesses similar in size, nature and location, comparison with profit history of plaintiff's successor, comparison of similar businesses owned by plaintiff himself, and use of economic and financial data and expert testimony.

Trademark Law	Every person may put his own name upon his own goods, notwithstanding another person of the same name may in that name manufacture and sell the same or a similar article.

Securities Law	Under Wis. Stat. ? Wis. Admin. Code ? (AG) 116.01, no person shall advertise or represent, either orally or in writing, through any media any offer of employment to engage any person as an employe, sales representative, independent dealer or other arrangement involving the selling of products dealt in by the advertiser, where a purchase or investment is required to obtain such employment, unless such requirement is fully disclosed in the advertisement or representation, together with the amount of the purchase price or investment required.

Trademark Law	It is not necessary for the subsequent trader to adopt the odd, unusual and striking name of the prior trader to describe the goods or business of the former. He can use descriptive terms which will not confuse the public as to the identity of the business carried on. And when this is the case the former name is not unqualifiedly publici juris merely because it may be descriptive of the business, but is susceptible of being a nonexclusive trade name with a secondary meaning, that is, a meaning that carries with the signification that it is the business of a particular owner.

Trademark Law	A geographical name, when used merely as a fanciful and arbitrary designation, may become a trademark. But when it is used descriptively, to indicate the place where the commodity was manufactured or produced, there can be no exclusive right in such use. For any other person may bring the same commodity from the same place, and may truly and lawfully describe its origin or nativity in the same way.

Trademark Law	When the trade-mark is affixed to articles manufactured at a particular establishment and acquires a special reputation in connection with the place of manufacture, and that establishment is transferred either by contract or operation of law to others, the right to the use of the trade-mark may be lawfully transferred with it.

Trademark Law	A trade-mark is protected by courts of equity as an absolute property right in the holder, and without reference to questions of fraud or damage, while fraud or damage, express or implied, is essential to entitle the holder to protection in the use of a trade-name.

Trademark Law	The first to appropriate a geographical name has a right to the name superior to those in the same line of trade.

Trademark Law	It is unclear whether a local radio entertainer's professional name can attain trademark status under Pennsylvania law. As the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania has observed more than a century ago: It has often been held that a trademark or a trade name, representing an article of commerce or a local business, is property which may be disposed of; but the name of an artist, an author, a musician, or a lawyer has never been regarded as a trade name, and as such saleable. It is settled that a person may transfer to another the right to use his name, with the exception that the name of an artist, an author, a lawyer or other professional is not a trade name and is not, as such, saleable.

Trademark Law	When a company acquires trademarks and goodwill, the essence of what it obtains is the right to inform the public that it is in possession of the special experience and skill symbolized by the name of the original concern, and of the sole authority to market its products. The value of what it obtains is tied to the underlying business that generates the goodwill associated with the trademarks. If there is no business and no good will, a trademark symbolizes nothing. Goodwill is bound to the business with which it is associated, and can no more be separated from a business than reputation from a person. Since there can be no goodwill for the trademark to symbolize without such a going business and corresponding use of the trademark, trademark rights in the United States, at least, are wholly dependent upon actual use.

Trademark Law	If a defendant's print is an imitation of that of plaintiffs, if it is calculated to deceive and mislead, the motive of the defendant in adopting it is not material so far as the law of the case is concerned.

Trademark Law	A medical preparation can be used and manufactured by any one who lawfully and in good faith acquires knowledge of its composition, and such person so lawfully coming into possession of such preparation may publish the fact that the product has been manufactured in accordance with the original formula; and, further, the fact that a preparation has become popularly known by the name of a certain person gives no exclusive right to any one to appropriate that name as a trademark.

Civil Rights Law	A prisoner defined in Wis. Stat. ? 801.02(7)(a)2 (2001-2002), is subject to the requirements of the Prisoner Litigation Reform Act (PLRA), 1997 Wis. Laws 133. The PLRA addresses the payment of litigation fees and costs by prisoners. It creates a scheme for determining how and from what funds the prisoner will pay the fees and costs, either by payment at the time the action or proceeding is commenced or on an installment basis.

Civil Rights Law	A jail official violates the Due Process Clause when he is deliberately indifferent to a substantial risk of serious harm to a pre-trial detainee and fails to protect the detainee. This standard requires a detainee to make two showings, one objectivethat he faced a substantial risk of serious harmand one subjectivethat the official knew of and disregarded the risk to the inmate's safety. A jail official violates a detainee's due-process rights if the official knows that another official is using excessive force against the detainee but fails to intervene.

Constitutional Law	When a court assesses a claimed right of privacy, the result will depend on what particular activity is at stake. A court must weigh the person's privacy interest in pursuing that particular activity against the government's competing interest in regulating or forbidding that activity.

Civil Rights Law	Minn. Stat. ? 327.09 (1967) states that no person shall be excluded, on account of race, color, national origin, or religion from full and equal enjoyment of any accommodation, advantage, or privilege furnished by public conveyances, theaters, or other public places of amusement, or by hotels, barber shops, saloons, restaurants, or other places of refreshments, entertainment, or accommodations.

Civil Rights Law	Tennessee Department of Correction Policy ? 404.10(IV)(A) defines administrative segregation as the non-punitive segregation of inmates, for control purposes, who are believed to be a threat to the security of the institution, the welfare of staff, or to other inmates. Consequently, the prison disciplinary board may recommend that an inmate be placed in administrative segregation when the Board believes that the inmate's continued presence in the general population may present a threat to security, the staff, or other inmates.

Civil Rights Law	With regard to a complaint brought under the West Virginia Human Rights Act, a complainant may prevail if it can be shown that the reason given by the respondent is merely a pretext for a discriminatory motive. Courts have indicated that several types of evidence can be used by a plaintiff to prove pretext. These include: (1) comparative evidence; (2) statistical evidence; and (3) direct evidence of discrimination, in the form of discriminatory statements and admissions.

Civil Rights Law	A hearing officer has broad discretion to reject an inmate's request to call witnesses for institutional security reasons, to prevent the undermining of prison authority, to foster correctional goals, to exclude irrelevant or unnecessary testimony, or testimony which could create a risk of reprisal. To support a claim for relief, allegations must be more than argumentative assertions without factual support.

Civil Rights Law	By itself, 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1983 does not create any substantive constitutional rights. Rather, it provides a remedy for the deprivation of such rights. To state a claim under ? 1983, a plaintiff must allege that the conduct complained of was committed by one acting under color of state law, and that the conduct deprived the plaintiff of rights, privileges, or immunities secured by federal law or the United States Constitution.

Civil Rights Law	In the context of the qualified immunity analysis, a government official's conduct violates clearly established law when, at the time of the challenged conduct, the contours of a right are sufficiently clear that every reasonable official would have understood that what he is doing violates that right.

Civil Rights Law	Wisconsin's public accommodation law forbids any person from giving preferential treatment in providing services or facilities in any public place of accommodation or amusement. Wis. Stat. ? 106.04(9)(a)(2).

Evidence	An infamous crime is one involving an affront to democratic governance or the public administration of justice such that there is a reasonable probability that a person convicted of such a crime poses a threat to the integrity of elections. These types of crimes are "most vile" in that they undermine the system of government established by the Constitution. Persons committing such crimes may be presumed to pose a bona fide risk to the integrity of elections. An infamous crime may include some felonies and some misdemeanors, but crimes marked by gross moral turpitude alone are not sufficient to render a crime infamous for purposes of the Infamous Crimes Clause, Ind. Const. art. II, ? 8.

Constitutional Law	The prohibition from imposing legal disqualification or disability as articulated by Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 561.016 (2000) is limited by the provisions of subparagraphs (1) through (4). These subparagraphs provide that a state constitution provision, code, or statute specifically disqualifying or restricting a convicted felon's participation in civil life is excluded from ? 561.016.1. The result of the remaining legal disqualifications and disabilities not eliminated by ? 561.016 and other statutes means that the convicted felon is not returned to full enjoyment of citizenship. Missouri has chosen not to vouch for its former felons or to treat them as full members of society, so as to remove their convictions from consideration under federal law.

Constitutional Law	Nominal damages should be awarded under 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1983 if actual injury from the denial of procedural due process is not proved.

Civil Rights Law	The intent of Congress to provide a remedy for unconstitutional state action does not without more include the sovereign states among those persons against whom 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1983 actions would lie. Construing 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1983 as a remedy for official violation of federally protected rights does no more than confirm that the section is directed against state action--action under color of state law. It does not suggest that the state itself was a person that Congress intended to be subject to liability.

Civil Rights Law	More generally, any theory of municipal liability that stems from an unofficial policy or custom must be supported by actual or constructive knowledge of its existence by responsible policymakers, and their failure, as a matter of specific intent or deliberate indifference, thereafter to correct or stop the practices.

Civil Rights Law	The constitutional deprivation of a prisoner's right of access to the courts is premised on the Due Process and Equal Protection Clauses of the United States Constitution, and is well established. The fundamental constitutional right of access to the courts requires prison authorities to assist inmates in the preparation and filing of meaningful legal papers by providing prisoners with adequate law libraries or adequate assistance from persons trained in the law.

Civil Procedure	That no man shall be convicted upon an appeal to the race issue is a firm and settled proposition in the Supreme Court of Mississippi. And it is no new proposition for the first time announced and upheld here in any recent case. It has been, in words as clear as human language could make it, pronounced and reaffirmed here for more than a generation, and will continue so to be, so long as good government shall be an abiding passion among that vast majority which constitutes the better class of our people. That vast majority expects it, moreover, they demand it; and there is and has been no occasion in the direction of the slightest surprise in the announcement of any new decision that the matter should continue to be looked upon in this court as it so long has been, and as we repeat will, without shadow of turning, always be.

Civil Rights Law	Misuse of power, possessed by virtue of state law and made possible only because the wrongdoer is clothed with the authority of state law, is action taken under color of state law. The requirement that defendants have acted under color of state law frequently is not distinguished from the Fourteenth Amendment requirement of state action, so frequently, in fact, that federal courts tend to employ the concepts interchangeably.

Civil Rights Law	By statute, the Department of Corrections (DOC) may designate a facility without regard to whether it is maintained by the state, is located within the judicial district in which the prisoner was convicted, or is located in the state. Alaska Stat. ? 33.30.061(a). However, the DOC may designate an out-of-state facility only if the commissioner determines that rehabilitation or treatment of the prisoner will not be substantially impaired. Alaska Stat. ? 33.30.061(b). The Alaska Administrative Code similarly provides that a prisoner will, in the DOC's discretion, be transferred to a contract facility outside Alaska if the prisoner is provided a classification hearing as set out in Alaska Admin. Code tit. 22, ? 05.216 and a determination is made that the prisoner's rehabilitation or treatment would not be substantially impaired by the transfer. Alaska Admin. Code tit. 22, ? 05.252(a).

Civil Rights Law	Md. Code Ann., Corr. Servs. ? 10-3 governs the procedure for the filing of a claim by a Division of Correction inmate to recover for work-related injuries sustained while incarcerated.

Civil Rights Law	An official acts willfully or maliciously when he or she intentionally commits an act that he or she then has reason to believe is prohibited.

Civil Rights Law	The purpose of 42 U.S.C.S. ? 1983 is to deter state actors, and private individuals in collaboration with state officials, from using a badge of authority to deprive individuals of rights guaranteed by the Constitution. In order to bring a valid cause of action under ? 1983, a plaintiff must demonstrate that: (1) a defendant(s) deprived him of a right secured by the Constitution or any law of the United States; and (2) the deprivation of that right resulted from the defendant(s) acting under color of law. For an individual to act under color of law, there must be evidence of a concerted effort between a state actor and that individual.

Civil Rights Law	An inmate cannot establish relevant actual injury simply by establishing that his prison's law library or legal assistance is subpar in some theoretical sense. The touchstone of constitutional sufficiency for resources provided to prisoners is meaningful access to the courts. The Constitution requires that inmates be provided only the tools needed to attack their sentences, directly or collaterally, and in order to challenge the conditions of their confinement.

Insurance Law	The terms of an insurance policy are to be given their plain meaning, and in the event of an ambiguity, to be construed against the insurance carrier. Further, when interpreting the word "dishonesty", it is to be construed most strongly against the insurer who wrote the policy.

Insurance Law	Courts must not let insurance companies evade their policies through mere technicalities. They must be treated fairly, and only held up to their fair engagements. They are very valuable institutions, deserving patronage and encouragement, but when their contracts of indemnity prove worthless for unsubstantial reasons to those who are in distress and poverty from the waste of fire, against which their prudence sought to provide, it derogates from the efficacy of the policies and the confidence of the public in fire insurance.

Insurance Law	If, by the dissolution of a mutual insurance company pending the term of insurance represented by the policy which has been thus paid for in cash, the company becomes disabled from complying with its contract, no good reason is perceived why the holder of such a policy should not be regarded as having overpaid his policy, and should not be entitled to be reimbursed for such over-payment out of any assets which may remain in the hands of the superintendent of insurance after paying fire losses and other preferred claims and the costs of administration.

Insurance Law	The purpose of the business-pursuits exclusion is to eliminate coverage which is not essential to the purchasers of the policy and which would normally require specialized underwriting and rating, and thus keeps premium rates at a reasonable level.

Insurance Law	The insurer is required to file appropriate information before transacting business in Indiana. Ind. Code ? 27-1-17-1 et seq. Furthermore, the Insurance Commissioner has the broad authority to protect Indiana policyholders from unstable insurers who are in hazardous financial condition. Ind. Code ? 27-1-17-9.

Insurance Law	The legislative concept of marine insurance is disclosed by the definition in Wis. Stat. ? 201.04, which authorizes the formation of insurance companies for certain purposes.

Insurance Law	The doctrines of waiver and estoppel cannot be used to extend the coverage of an insurance policy or create a primary liability, but may only affect rights reserved therein. Under no conditions can the coverage or restrictions on coverage be extended by waiver or estoppel.

Insurance Law	La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 22:1220(B)(1) provides that, misrepresenting pertinent facts or insurance policy provisions relating to any coverages at issue constitutes a breach of the duty of good faith and fair dealing an insurer owes to its insured. Misrepresentation can occur when an insurer either makes untrue statements to an insured concerning pertinent facts or fails to divulge pertinent facts to the insured.

Insurance Law	The fact that the limit of liability language has previously been held as invalid for the purpose of preventing stacking does not mean that it has no effect. It is still valid for determining each policy's proper limit of liability. Thus, it is proper to look to the "Limit of Liability" language of the uninsured motorist policies to determine whether the policy as a whole provides for a double recovery for either two owners or operators, or two uninsured motor vehicles.

Antitrust & Trade Law	The requirement for the giving of immediate notice is contrary to the provisions of Wis. Stat. ? 204.29 and therefore inoperative and of no effect.

Insurance Law	The Minnesota Supreme Court has held that the statutory language, rather than the policy language in the insurer's standard underinsured motorist clause, is the relevant guide when determining the scope of implied-by-law underinsured coverage.

Contracts Law	A material risk is any previous affection which might reasonably have been considered a menace to the prolongation of the life of the insured, and that, had it been revealed, the application would have been rejected. They need not be the sole inducement to the contract, nor the chief influence leading to action. It is enough if, as a contributory influence, they operate upon the mind and conduct of the other party to any material extent.

Insurance Law	The Nebraska Supreme Court has long held that an insurer that gives one reason for its conduct and decision as to a matter of controversy cannot, after litigation has begun, defend upon another and different ground.

Insurance Law	There can be no doubt about the general proposition that a denial of liability by an insurance company may operate as a waiver of defects in proofs of loss or excuse the failure to furnish any proofs whatever. But, to have that effect, there must be shown some act or declaration by the company during the currency of the time within which the beneficiaries were required to act, from which they might reasonably infer that the insurer did not intend to rely upon failure to so furnish proper proofs. This doctrine of waiver is only another name for the doctrine of estoppel. It cannot be invoked unless the conduct of the company has been such as to induce action or to prevent action in reliance upon it, where it would operate as a fraud upon the other party if it should be allowed to disavow its conduct and enforce the conditions.

Insurance Law	The rule against anti-stacking provisions in insurance policies that defeat coverage for which an insurer has received valuable consideration constitutes a firm public policy under Montana law.

Insurance Law	A licensee under Miss. Code Ann. ? 75-67-121 may legally charge premiums up to the statutorily regulated maximum regardless of the commissions the licensee receives from the insurance company. Section 75-67-121 allows a licensee to collect the total cost of the premiums, not just the cost of the premiums less any commission the licensee receives.

Insurance Law	Absent an ambiguity, an insurance policy must be enforced according to its terms. An ambiguity only exists when there is duplicity, indistinctiveness, or uncertainty in the meaning of the words used in the insurance policy. When an insurance contract's language is ambiguous, a rule of interpretation is that the court apply a meaning that would ordinarily be understood by the insured and, because the insurer typically is the party responsible for the ambiguity as the contract's drafter, the court construes ambiguous provisions in an insurance policy against the insurer. Stated differently, if the language of the policy is ambiguous and reasonably open to different constructions then the language will be interpreted in the manner that would ordinarily be understood by the lay person who bought and paid for the policy.

Insurance Law	A term in an insurance policy should be construed to mean what a reasonable person in the position of the insured would think it meant. Limitations or exclusions from broad coverage must be clear and explicit. When the language of an insurance policy is clear and explicit, the language should not be strained in order to impose liability on the insurer. However, any ambiguity or reasonable doubt as to the meaning of an insurance policy is strictly construed against the insurer and in favor of the insured. If the language in an insurance contract will support an interpretation which will impose liability on the insurer and one which will not, the former interpretation will be adopted. Exclusions from broad coverage in an insurance policy are strictly construed against the insurer.

Insurance Law	The failure on the part of a plaintiff to comply with the conditions in the mortgage clause suspends the operation of the same and leaves in force and effect the provisions of the fire insurance policy as to the acts on the part of the owner or mortgagor which will operate to forfeit the fire insurance policy.

Insurance Law	In considering group insurance transactions, it is held that the employer acts as the agent of the employees and not of the insurer.

Insurance Law	Prejudice for purposes of estoppel is established only where an insurer's control of the defense is such that the character and strategy of the lawsuit can no longer be altered.

Insurance Law	It is well established in North Dakota that any ambiguity or reasonable doubt as to the meaning of an insurance policy is to be construed strictly against the insurer and in favor of the insured; and if language in a policy will support an interpretation which will impose liability on the insurer and one which will not, the former interpretation will be adopted.

Insurance Law	The Browder court's observation of the existence of a "basic tenet" of liability insurance did not expand the scope of existing law or create a new tenet. Nor did the Browder court overrule other cases in which it had held that insurance contracts are to be enforced as written, giving the policy's words and phrases their plain and ordinary meaning, and applying them to the facts of a particular case. The Court of Appeals of Colorado, Division Four declines to adopt the reasoning in Hoang v. Monterra Homes (Powderhorn) in which a division of that court concluded that a policyholder was not entitled to coverage where the property damage occurred before the third-party claimants purchased the damaged property.

Public Health & Welfare Law	A Vaccine Act claimant is not required to present proof of causation to the level of scientific certainty. However, the special master is entitled to require some indicia of reliability to support the assertion of the expert witness; the claimant must provide at least some evidence that the proposed mechanism was at work in the case before the court.

Public Health & Welfare Law	Medicaid rules allow for new eyeglasses for adults no more often than every two years unless the prescription has changed dramatically.

Public Health & Welfare Law	To be eligible for Medicaid benefits, a claimant must not have engaged in a disqualifying transfer of assets to lower the claimant's income and financial resources to meet Medicaid qualifications. Or. Admin. R. 461-140-0242. An administrative rule pertains to particular types of disqualifying transfers, specifically transfers of a home. Or. Admin. R. 461-140-0242(1) (2006) provides that a transfer of an asset (including a home) by a client or the spouse of a client is a disqualifying transfer unless the requirements of at least one of the following subsections are met. There follow four exceptions, one of which is the following: The transfer was made exclusively for purposes other than establishing eligibility or maintaining benefits. Or. Admin. R. 461-140-0242(1)(a).

Public Health & Welfare Law	To establish a prima facie case under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986 when proceeding on a causation-in-fact theory, a petitioner must prove, by a preponderance of the evidence, that the vaccine was not only a but-for cause of the injury but also a substantial factor in bringing about the injury. To show that the vaccine was a substantial factor in bringing about the injury, the petitioner must show a medical theory causally connecting the vaccination and the injury. In other words, there must be a logical sequence of cause and effect showing that the vaccination was the reason for the injury, and this logical sequence of cause and effect must be supported by a sound and reliable medical or scientific explanation. 42 U.S.C.S. ? 300aa-13(a)(1) provides that the special master or court may not make such a finding based on the claims of a petitioner alone, unsubstantiated by medical records or by medical opinion. However, medical or scientific certainty is not required.

Public Health & Welfare Law	Idaho Code ? 66-317(c) provides that "involuntary patient" shall mean an individual committed pursuant to Idaho Code ?? 18-212, 18-214, 66-329 or 66-1201, or committed pursuant to Idaho Code ?? 16-1610 or 16-1814 and admitted to a facility for the treatment of minors.

Civil Procedure	Implicit in the language of 405 ILCS 5/3-801 (2010) is that the trial court will actually consider and rule on a voluntary request.

Public Health & Welfare Law	Upon proper application, a mental health facility is authorized, for a period not to exceed 96 hours, to detain for evaluation and treatment an individual, suffering from a mental disorder, who presents a likelihood of serious harm to his or her person or to others, Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 632.305 (2000).

Public Health & Welfare Law	In cases brought under the National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act of 1986, 42 U.S.C.S. ? 300aa-10 et seq., that there was inadequate evidence of causation in one case involving a particular condition and vaccine does not indicate that there is insufficient evidence of alternative causation in a different case. The circumstances of each particular case should dictate its result.

Healthcare Law	States are permitted to place reasonable utilization controls on the Early and Periodic Screening, Diagnosis and Treatment (EPSDT) program services provided by the state regarding the amount, duration, and scope of the services. 42 C.F.R. ? 440.230(d).

Public Health & Welfare Law	In Tennessee, the governing law on involuntary commitment is found at Tenn. Code Ann. ? 33-6-401 et seq (emergency detention) and Tenn. Code Ann. ? 33-6-501 et seq (non emergency involuntary admission to inpatient treatment). Both sections permit involuntary commitment only if the defendant suffers from mental illness and if his condition poses a substantial likelihood of serious harm.

Public Health & Welfare Law	A "tenant assistance contract" is a written contract between the Department of Public and Assisted Housing and the housing provider under the terms of which the Department agrees to make tenant assistance payments to the housing provider on behalf of an eligible family or for specific units held for and leased to eligible families for the duration of the contract. D.C. Code Ann. ? 45-2531 (12).

Public Health & Welfare Law	42 U.S.C.S. ?? 301-306 deal with old age assistance, 42 U.S.C.S. ?? 601-606 deal with aid to dependent children, 42 U.S.C.S. ?? 1201-1206, deal with aid to the blind. The statutes covering old age assistance, aid to dependent children, and aid to the blind are in all substantial respects the same.

Public Health & Welfare Law	The United States Court of Federal Claims is not to be seen as a vehicle for ascertaining precisely how and why vaccines sometimes destroy the health and lives of certain children while safely immunizing most others.

Public Health & Welfare Law	The Rhode Island Department of Human Services may establish eligibility for medical assistance payments beginning on the first day of the month in which eligibility has been determined, but no earlier than the first day of the month in which the application is filed. Section 300 DHS Manual (A, E, G, C) (Rhode Island).

Public Health & Welfare Law	The General Assembly has not imposed upon Indiana Family and Social Services Administration (FSSA), its secretary, or its subordinate offices any broad, sweeping duty to pay for the long-term medical care of Medicaid-eligible individuals out of any other coffers. FSSA is charged with acting as the agent to the federal government in the administration of federal money granted to Indiana to aid the welfare functions of the state, Ind. Code ? 12-8-1-8(c) (2004), not to back-fill those federal monies with state funds if a provider fails to meet the federal regulatory requirements.

Healthcare Law	Concerning commitment as sexually dangerous person, the district court should consider six factors in determining whether an offender is highly likely to reoffend: (1) the offender's relevant demographic traits; (2) the offender's history of violent behavior; (3) the base-rate statistics for violent behavior among individuals with the offender's background; (4) sources of stress in the offender's environment; (5) the similarity of the present or future context to past contexts in which the offender has used violence; and (6) the offender's record with respect to sex therapy programs.

Public Health & Welfare Law	42 U.S.C.S. ? 402(i) directs that payment of a Social Security death benefit shall be made to the person, if any, determined by the U.S. Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare to be the widow or widower of the deceased and to have been living in the same household with the deceased at the time of death.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The definition of "estate" set forth in Wyo. Stat. Ann. ? 42-4-206(g)(ii) (2013) includes, in addition to typical probate assets, other assets in which the individual had any legal title or interest at the time of death. The rule also encompasses the corollary - the statutory definition of estate does not include property properly transferred prior to death.

Public Health & Welfare Law	R. I. Gen. Laws ? 40.1-7-8 (1977 Reenactment) reads: The parents of children in the program, depending upon their resources, shall be obligated to participate in the costs of the care and treatment of their children in accordance with regulations to be promulgated by the director.

Transportation Law	Md. Ann. Code art. 70B subjects continuing care retirement communities (CCRC) to certain statutory requirements and to regulation by the Maryland Department of Aging. A person may not operate as a CCRC unless it receives a certificate of registration from that Department. Md. Ann. Code art. 70B, ?? 9 and 11. Md. Ann. Code art. 70B, ? 13 contains certain requirements for CCRC agreements.

Public Health & Welfare Law	If there is a finding that a Medicaid applicant disposed of assets for less than fair market value during the penalty period, the applicant may avoid the transfer penalty if he or she can prove that he or she intended to dispose of the assets for fair market value, or the assets were transferred exclusively for a purpose other than to qualify for medical assistance, or all transferred assets have been returned to the applicant. 405 Ind. Admin. Code 2-3-1.1(k).

Public Health & Welfare Law	42 U.S.C.S. ? 300aa-11(b)(1)(A) sets forth three categories of people who may file a petition. These are (1) a person who sustained a vaccine-related injury, (2) the legal representative of a minor or disabled person who sustained a vaccine-related injury, and (3) the legal representative of a person who died as a result of the administration of a covered vaccine.

Public Health & Welfare Law	In cases brought under the National Vaccine Injury Compensation Program (Vaccine Act), 42 U.S.C.S. ? 300aa10 et seq., the failure to amend a complaint is not fatal to a petitioner's position because the Vaccine Program requires less formality in pleading. 42 U.S.C.S. ? 300aa12(d)(2). Thus, factual allegations made in the briefs submitted by a petitioner will be considered as if they were set forth in an amended petition.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The fact that the will has been read over to a capable testator is conclusive evidence that he approved, as well as knew, the contents thereof.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	It is essential to the creation of a trust by parol declarations, that the expressions used should amount to a clear and explicit declaration of trust. The subject matter of the trust, as well as the object of the trust, must be pointed out with certainty. If the trust be purely voluntary, it will not be enforced against the donor, upon a mere parol declaration, unless a complete executed trust be clearly proved. A trust, once effectually created by parol, and fully executed, cannot subsequently be extinguished, revoked, or altered by the party creating it, any more than a mere formal assurance, nor can it be affected by any subsequent declarations of a donor.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The adverse interest contemplated by Acts 1889 ch. 137, ? 1 is not merely a personal interest, but any interest which may prevent the executor or administrator from fully and fairly representing the estate of his testator or intestate.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Undue influence, such as will avoid a will, must be an influence obtained by flattery, excessive importunity or threats, or in some other mode by which dominion is acquired over the will of the testator, destroying his free agency, and constraining him to do against his free will what he is unable to refuse.

Civil Procedure	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 205 provides that, when a demand against an estate is not due at the time of the trial, the court may adjust the same, and a judgment may be rendered thereon for the amount according to the finding of the jury or the judgment of the court.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The rule that a lapsed devise or bequest passes under the general residuary clause is founded not upon the assumption that the testator foresaw the possibility of lapse, but upon the presumption against partial intestacy, and the corollary that, unless a contrary intention is apparent, the general residuary clause is to be construed as including all of the estate not otherwise effectual disposed of. Presumably, the testator intends to take away from the residuary, only for the benefit of the particular, legatee. The rule is equally applicable in the case of a renounced devise or bequest; and the court rejects as unsound the contrary view.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Where an estate administrator is still acting and the estate is not settled and a probate court has complete and ample jurisdiction against the administrator and over the estate, actions in other jurisdictions against the administrator and the sureties on his bond should not be maintained unless the allegations show it to be an exception to the general rule.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Although the survivor's allowance is included within the classification of "claims" found in Ind. Code ? 29-1-14-9(a), that statute is directed to preference of payment; it has an express purpose of determining priority of claims against an estate. The classification statute does not purport to subject the statutory survivor's allowance to the statutory provisions regarding the filing of claims against an estate. A claim, as that term is used in Ind. Code ? 29-1-14-1, has a more restrictive meaning, and refers to a debt or demand of a pecuniary nature which could have been enforced against the decedent in his lifetime.

Securities Law	The right to waive an expectancy is founded in equity and the waiver must be equitable. Thus the requirement of full disclosure of the facts and fair consideration is essential. It is believed that this section is in a general sense only a declaration of the present case law.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The controlling rule in construing wills in Missouri, to which all technical rules of construction must give way, is to give effect to the true intent and meaning of the testator as the same may be gathered from the whole instrument, if not violative of some established rule of law; and in arriving at that intention the relation of the testator to the beneficiaries named in the will and the circumstances surrounding him at the time of its execution are to be taken into consideration, and the will read as near as may be from his standpoint, giving effect, if possible, to every clause and portion of it, and to this end, if need be, words may be supplied and omitted, and sentences transposed.

Evidence	A nonexpert witness who is shown to have had a more or less intimate acquaintance with a person may be permitted to state an opinion as to the mental condition of that person by giving the facts and circumstances upon which the opinion is based. However, it must appear that the witness has in mind the quality of mental capacity essential to the making of a valid will and that the facts and circumstances attested to are sufficient upon which to base an opinion.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Technical words, or words of a definite meaning, are to be construed according to their legal or definite effect. However, if it is apparent that testator has misused them, or has given them a meaning different from their fixed technical sense, effect must be given to the testator's intent, gathered from the writing as a whole.

Tax Law	The right to an exemption is a personal right, and if the claim is not made, or if made after an undue length of time, the right is lost as effectively as if it never existed. Delay on the part of a widow in the assertion of her right to exemption is evidence of a waiver, and if prolonged unduly or until circumstances have changed or new rights intervened, it may operate as an estoppel. It is, however, susceptible of explanation; and if no one has been prejudiced by it the exemption may still be awarded. It is recognized that a widow may by her own act forfeit or waive her right to claim an exemption. If a widow, or other person entitled, may entirely waive her right to claim an exemption she may also waive her right to claim specific articles or specific real estate as a part of her exemption while still retaining her right to claim her exemption out of other property.

Criminal Law & Procedure	The appropriateness of a counsel fee cannot be determined by simple arithmetic.This is an area where adherence to standards, and not reliance on mere numbers, must be the controlling factor.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	A prospective executor has a real, tangible interest in the probate of a will which nominated him. Parties seeking to prevent his appointment are ipso facto adverse if he is properly in the proceeding at all.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	A will is defined to be the legal declaration of a man's intentions, which he wills to be performed after his death. An instrument in any form, whether a deed poll or indenture, if the obvious purpose is not to take place till after the death of the person making it, shall operate as a will. It may be by an endorsement on a note. Whatever be the form of the instrument, if it vests no present interest, but only directs what is to be done after the death of the maker, it is testamentary. The essence of the definition is, that it is a disposition to take effect after death. Nor does it matter that the person intended to make a note instead of a will. If he used language which the law holds to be testamentary, his intention is to be gathered from the legal import of the words he employed. No form of words is necessary to make a valid will. The form of the instrument is immaterial, if its substance is testamentary.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	A power, prior to the Act of 1888, ch. 249 (Maryland) (which, however, applies only to last wills and testaments), could have been, and still can be, validly exercised, first, by a direct reference to the power; secondly, by a disposition of the subject of the power when the person making the disposition possesses a mere naked power of appointment coupled with no interest; and thirdly, when the instrument relied on as an execution of the power would be inoperative unless aided by the power.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Va. Code ? 2660 provides that, where the assets of a decedent, in the hands of the personal representative, after the payment of funeral expenses and charges of administration, are not sufficient for the satisfaction of all demands against him, they shall be applied as follows: First, to the claims of physicians and certain other named classes of persons for services rendered and articles furnished during the decedent's last illness, not exceeding fifty dollars to any one class of the persons named; Second, to debts due the United States and this state; Third, to taxes and levies assessed upon the decedent previous to his death; Fourth, to debts due as trustee for persons under disabilities, as receiver or commissioner under a decree of court of this state, as personal representative, guardian, or committee, where the qualification was in this state; Fifth, to all other demands except those in the next class; and, Sixth, to voluntary obligations.

Transportation Law	The first Cummins amendment, U.S. Comp. Stat. ? 8604-a, does not forbid the making of contracts to pay the shipper "the full actual loss" sustained by him, but declares that the carrier shall be liable for the full actual loss, damage or injury notwithstanding any limitation of liability or limitation of the amount of recovery or representation or agreement as to value in any such receipt or bill of lading, or in any contract, rule, regulation, or in any tariff filed with the Interstate Commerce Commission; and any such limitation, without respect to the manner or form in which it is sought to be made, is hereby declared to be unlawful and void.  21 I.C.C. 8, 12.

Transportation Law	In order for a motor carrier to operate as a common carrier under Louisiana law, it must obtain a certificate of public convenience and necessity from the Louisiana Public Service Commission (Commission). The Commission will issue such a certificate only after giving notice to competing carriers, holding a public hearing and determining that the public convenience and necessity (PC &amp; N) require the certificate be issued. La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 45:164. Further, if the Commission has previously issued a certificate to another carrier to conduct the same operation, the applicant has the burden of clearly showing that the PC &amp; N would be materially promoted by its issuance.

Communications Law	To meet its burden of establishing the inadequacy of existing carrier service, the applicant must demonstrate that shippers have attempted and failed to obtain service or that service, when obtained, was deficient. The applicant must affirmatively show a need for service based on a consistent and recurring inability to secure adequate and satisfactory service from existing carriers.

Energy & Utilities Law	The manner of construction, equipment and operation of such an extension are matters to be determined by the directors of the railroad company. As to such matters, the Maryland Legislature did not intend that the judgment and discretion of the directors of the company, when honestly exercised, should be controlled or ignored either by the Maryland Public Service Commission or the courts.

Torts	The Court of Appeals of Missouri cannot discern a basis in the common law to require all disabled persons, or all persons with less than normal motor skills, or all persons with less than normal coordination, or all persons with less than normal reflexes, to wear helmets, although it is foreseeable that such persons often cannot react as capably to avoid injury, as can the non-disabled, when involved in an accident with a tortfeasor. The court cannot imagine that imposing a duty on disabled persons to wear helmets every time they move from one location to another would instill self-confidence and feelings of self-worth in such persons. The court has found no authority anywhere for such a view. To state this as a possibility shows why the court rejects the argument.

Transportation Law	Ordinance No. 52353 of the City of Portland (Oregon) contemplates that a driver who desires to enter or cross a through traffic street must bring his automobile to a complete stop before doing so and that upon proceeding he must yield to all vehicles to his right, simultaneously approaching the point of intersection, the right of way.

Transportation Law	Users of the airport facilities differ widely in the extent of their use and "reasonable" charges for use, as required by Ind. Code ? 19-6-3-15 (1971), would of necessity reflect those differences. The very concept of a "user" fee implies that there are different uses that can be identified and the amount of the fee relates to that use.

Public Health & Welfare Law	The three initial Subsections of La. Rev. Stat. Ann. ? 32:24 work in tandem to define the emergency situation and the standards for actions allowed to meet the emergency.

Transportation Law	S.C. Code Ann. ? 56-5-4140(2)(a) (2005) permits special use trucks to weigh 20,000 pounds per axle plus a ten percent scale tolerance.

Transportation Law	A requirement that the driver of an auto extend his left hand before he stops does not apply to his stopping in obedience to the direction of a semaphore at the intersection of streets.

Transportation Law	Minn. Gen. Stat. ? 2670 (1894) authorizes railway companies to enter upon school lands and take possession of the same and thus acquire a legal right thereto upon certain conditions being performed.

Transportation Law	In all questions of power, arising under an act of assembly granting a franchise to make a railroad, the test of the existence of the power, is to be found in the inquiry, whether the same is expressly granted, or whether it is incidental to any express grant of power, and necessary to its accomplishment?

Transportation Law	Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 302.291 (1994) permits the director to require a motor vehicle operator to submit to an examination if she has good cause to believe that an operator is incompetent or unqualified to retain his license. The director is entitled to rely on official reports of the highway patrol or other officials in determining good cause when those reports set forth facts from which a reasonable person might believe she could exercise the discretion granted her.

Communications Law	A sendee may waive this duty of the company, as by granting it the right to deliver the message over a telephone line; but none save messages addressed to the sendee can be waived. If it is only delivered to him in care of another he can not waive this duty, but the same will have to be delivered in writing.

Transportation Law	Minn. Stat. ? 171.04, subd. 1(10) (2004) states that a driver's license shall not be issued to an individual by whom operation of a motor vehicle the Minnesota Commissioner of Public Safety has good cause to believe would be inimical to public safety.

Transportation Law	Tenn. Code ? 2682(a) provides that a vehicle shall be driven at a careful speed having due regard to traffic, etc., on the road.

Commercial Law (UCC)	A delivery at the usual place at the port to which the goods are directed or consigned, with the knowledge of the consignee, by notice or otherwise, is the most reasonable rule and better supported by authority. To require personal delivery would, in many cases, be impracticable and if not so, would operate seriously on the general interests of trade and speedy transportation. There can be no injury to the consignee with proper diligence and attention to his interest, where the goods are delivered at the proper wharf or landing, if he has knowledge of the fact. But without this, the goods would be put in jeopardy, with great danger of loss.

Transportation Law	A person less than 21 years of age can be subject to suspension or revocation under Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 302.505.1 (2001) if that person was stopped upon probable cause to believe such person was driving while intoxicated in violation of Mo. Rev. Stat. ? 577.010 (2001).

Transportation Law	Whether or not any of an applicants' operations remain in intrastate commerce, where nevertheless appropriate interstate authority is necessary to accomplish the service, the Interstate Commerce Commission must consider the issue of public convenience and necessity.

Transportation Law	The commission's supervisory power with respect to common carriers by motor vehicle is prescribed by Minn. Stat. Ann. ? 221 et seq. This chapter is specifically limited to auto transportation companies. Under separate laws enacted at entirely different times, the legislature has prescribed the commission's duties and powers with reference to the regulation of railroads. Minn. Stat. Ann. ?? 216 to 219. In none of these statutes is there authorization for the regulation of combined rail-truck service.

Transportation Law	Ala. Code tit. 48, ? 301(8)(A) and (B) provide that no common carrier by motor vehicle shall engage in intrastate commerce on any highway in this state unless there is in force with respect to such carrier a certificate of public convenience and necessity issued by the commission, authorizing such operation; provided, however, if any such carrier of property or predecessor in interest was in bona fide operation as such common carrier of property by motor vehicle prior to the effective date of this article, over the route or routes or within the territory for which application is made and has so operated since that time the commission shall issue such certificate without requiring further proof that public convenience and necessity will be served by such operation, and without further proceedings, if application for such certificate is made to the commission, and within one hundred twenty days after this section shall take effect. Application for certificates shall be made in writing to the commission, be verified under oath and shall be in such form and contain such information and be accompanied by proof of service of notice thereof upon such interested parties.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	In the absence of a statute authorizing it, an administrator has no authority to incur debts binding on the estate, except for incidental expenses in due course of the administration of the estate.

Tax Law	With respect to real estate, compliance with the forms, requirements, and solemnities prescribed by the law of a State for the conveyance or devise of real property within its borders is essential for the valid transfer of such property, and the laws of, or judgments of, the courts of foreign jurisdiction not in conformity to the lex situs can have no application.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The so-called "conscious presence" test is codified, under which a signing is sufficient if it was done in the testator's conscious presence, i.e., within the range of the testator's senses such as hearing; the signing need not have occurred within the testator's line of sight.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	Every violation by a trustee of a duty which equity lays upon him, whether willful and fraudulent or done through negligence or arising through mere oversight or forgetfulness, is a breach of trust.

Estate, Gift & Trust Law	The distinction between a remainder and one created by will is obvious. A will speaks from the date of death of the testator. But a trust speaks from the date of its creation. From the very nature of an inter vivos trust it must so speak. In order for a trust to be a trust, the legal title of the res must immediately pass to the trustee, and the beneficial or equitable interest to the beneficiaries. The radical idea of a trust is the coexistence of the legal title and the equitable interest, and that perfect ownership is decomposed into its constituent elements of legal title and beneficial interest, which are vested in different persons at the same time.

Environmental Law	The proper point on a line of railway to construct a culvert to carry off surface water flowing from adjacent country is at its lowest point on the line in that vicinity; otherwise, water must be made to flow up hill, or an undrained accumulation must necessarily follow.

Pensions & Benefits Law	Metro. Gov't Nashville &amp; Davidson County, Tenn., Code Laws ? 6.72.200 requires each taxicab to have the name of the company in painted letters on each front door.

